the centreville amusement_park or centreville theme_park be a child 's amusement / theme_park locate on centre island , part of the toronto islands , offshore of toronto , ontario , canada .
the park have be operate by the beasley family since 1967 , currently through etobicoke - base william beasley enterprises limited , on land lease from the city of toronto and be open daily during the summer .
beasley also operate the " far enough farm " adjacent to the park .
centreville be build as part of a master plan to convert the toronto islands land usage from cottage residence to recreational us .
the park replace the old sunnyside amusement_park , which close in 1955 , as well as hanlan 's point amusement_park , which close in the 1930 to make way for the island airport .
the park open in 1967 , operate by bill beasley sr . , father of the current president of william beasley enterprises .
the park originally have seven ride and have expand over the year , add one or two ride a year .
the park 's building have a 1900s turn - of - the - century village theme .
a 1870s cast_iron planter to commemorate queen_victoria 's birthday that be originally locate in front of st. lawrence market be now feature in the center of the park .
in 2013 , centreville take over operation of far enough farm , which be threaten with closure .
at the same time , the city extend -pron- lease to 2022 .
due to flooding of many area of the toronto islands , centreville do not open in may 2017 .
in late june , the animal at the centreville far enough be move off the island .
centreville reopen on july 31 , except for the far enough farm , which will remain closed until 2018 due to flood damage .
three ride will not be operational : the swan ride , bumper boat ride ( due to high water level ) and the train ride ( because of flood damage to the track ) .
mosquitos carry the west_nile_virus_nhave be find on the island but the toronto public health department say that with certain precaution , visitor should not be concern .
a park spokesman say that the loss in revenue be due to the flood and the cost of repair be estimate at .
in june 2017 , centreville purchase a use ferry boat , the " dartmouth iii " , from halifax transit in nova_scotia for .
beasley plan to operate -pron- own service to the amusement_park in peak season ( supplement the public toronto island ferry ) , though probably not until 2018 .
the boat can carry 390 passenger per trip .
the park attraction include a carousel , log_flume , a ferris_wheel ( acquire from crystal beach amusement_park in fort_erie , ontario in 1989 ) , a ' haunt barrel work ' , an enclose " scrambler " , a miniature roller_coaster , pleasure swan boat , bumper boat , antique - style motor car and several kiddie_rides , such as the tea cup , a swing boat , drop ride and miniature fire engine .
there be several food concession , some game and a gift shop .
there be also a wading_pool , pony_rides and miniature_golf .
one of three miniature train ride in toronto operate at the park ( the other be at john street roundhouse and woodbine centre ) .
-pron- consist of two train ( the " lil red express " and " lil blue express " respectively ) with five passenger car ( car about 14 to 21 passenger ) on a narrow gauge track which circle the park ground and farm and travel through a tunnel .
the gauge be two foot ( 0.6096 meter ) .
an aerial ride , the " sky ride , " operate for some year at the park .
instal in 1968 , -pron- be a chairlift type and carry passenger from a point near the entrance to near st. andrew 's church and back .
a patron be injure in 2010 while be load onto a chair and beasley lose a court judgment of over for the accident in 2015 .
the ride be subsequently close but a new version go into operation in early august 2017 .
the park have a 1907-vintage carousel make by the dentzel_carousel company , one of 150 of this type that remain in operation , acquire from bushkill park in easton , pennsylvania .
-pron- 52 hand - carve animal include cat , an ostrich , pig , a lion and rabbit instead of the more common style consist primarily of horse .
of the 52 , 36 move up and down on brass pole .
other feature include two ornate bench seat and a welte - mignon / wurlitzer band organ .
mandate by the park 's financial loss in the summer of 2017 , the carousel have be conditionally sell to the city of carmel , indiana .
the sale be due to an estimate loss when -pron- be unable to open due to flooding of the area by high lake level , accord to the president of beasley enterprises .
the estimate selling price be , approximately .
on july 31 , beasley be quote as say -pron- have not yet accept the offer and that toronto mayor john tory be interested in keep the carousel in toronto .
beasley be consider the purchase of a new carousel that would be on site at centreville by the 2018 park season .
the dentzel_carousel be expect to be ship to carmel in november 2017 to open in 2018 or 2019 as part of a multi - year downtown redevelopment project .
an announcement on centreville 's facebook page on july 20 indicate that the carousel would continue in operation on the island for the 2017 season .
in mid - september 2017 , the sale of the carousel to carmel be in doubt after that city 's finance committee recommend that this item be remove from the budget for the redevelopment plan .
the city council will vote on the proposal on september 18 .
on september 19 -pron- be confirm that carmel be not purchase the ride and will stay put to solicit other buyer .
also maintain by william beasley enterprises limited , the far enough farm exist on the eastern outskirt of the amusement_park , just past the toronto island mine roller_coaster_ride_n.
the hobby farm open in 1959 and be home to several domesticate animal specie include rabbit , goat , pig , chicken , cow and pony as well as emus and peafowl which often freely_roam around the farm .
the farm be staff by a manager with farmer and farm hand employ by beasley and be normally open 365 day a year , except in 2017 when -pron- close in may and would not reopen for many month due to flood damage .
in the meantime , the animal be be shelter at the family 's equine facility in nearby schomberg , ontario .
william beasley enterprises limited have purchase a use halifax transit ferry dartmouth iii in the summer 2017 and will be add to the island 's ferry fleet .
-pron- will be privately run and not part of the city run ferry service .
wikipedia : article for deletion / millicent lovejoy
johnny rollo ( bear in glasgow , scotland ; die bethlehem , pennsylvania ) be a scottish soccer player who typically play as an inside forward , but also as both a half back and full back .
-pron- begin -pron- career with rangers f.c. , but have -pron- great success in the american soccer league .
-pron- later coach at the amateur level .
in 1922 , rollo sign with rangers f.c. of the scottish football_league from scottish junior side st rochs fc play five reserve match , but no first team game .
in 1923 , -pron- move to st_johnstone f.c ..
in september 1924 , rollo leave britain , arrive in bethlehem , pennsylvania on 16 september 1924 where -pron- sign with bethlehem_steel of the american soccer league .
when -pron- join bethlehem , the team be disappoint with -pron- form , but by february 1925 , -pron- have develop into a regular starter with the team .
in 1928 , the asl expel bethlehem when the club defy the league ’s boycott of the 1929 national challenge cup .
bethlehem then join the eastern soccer league .
in the process , the united_states football association declare the asl an " outlaw league " .
in 1929 , the asl come in compliance with the usfa and the esl merge into the asl .
rollo remain with bethlehem_steel until -pron- fold in 1930 .
-pron- then move to the newark americans , but by that time , the american soccer league be collapse from the financial loss cause by the 1928 - 1929 soccer war and the onset of the great_depression .
the americans fold in 1931 and rollo move to the new_york americans .
after -pron- playing career , rollo settle permanently in bethlehem where -pron- coach the amateur portugal club to the 1933 - 1934 lehigh_valley amateur soccer league title , know as the wilbur cup .
portal : north west england /
do -pron- know/1
... that most of manchester 's grade -pron- list building be victorian , because of manchester 's growth during the industrial_revolution ?
portal : north west england /
do -pron- know/2
... that in 1806 , murrays ' mills in ancoats , manchester be the large mill complex in the world ?
mike mareen be a german musician , who be bear in post - war west berlin , west germany as uwe - michael wischhoff , and grow up in lüneburg .
-pron- first musical success be with the band cemetery institution who play at hamburg 's star - club .
mareen later become a merchant sailor , a job which eventually take -pron- to new_york city where -pron- play with several american group .
upon -pron- return to europe , mareen become involve with the production of italo_disco record .
during the 1980 , -pron- have some considerable success , with frequent television appearance in germany and eastern europe .
-pron- big hit be " dance in the dark " ( 1985 ) and " love spy " ( 1986 ) .
-pron- music " agent of liberty " be use in the bar scene in bollywood film " shahenshah " .
portal : north west england /
do -pron- know/3
... that st mary 's church in cheadle , greater_manchester , england , a grade -pron- list building , be build in the 16th century and house a stone cross date to the 11th century ?
watford_grammar school for girl
watford_grammar school for girls ( commonly abbreviate wggs ) be an academy for girl in watford in hertfordshire , uk .
despite -pron- name , -pron- be only a partially selective school , with 25 % of entrant admit on academic ability and 10 % on musical aptitude .
-pron- gcse result be the high achieve by non - grammar state school in england in 2007 .
the girls ' school and -pron- brother school , watford_grammar school for boys , descend from a free school found as a charity school for boy and girl by elizabeth fuller in 1704 and refound as a secondary school in 1884 .
the school have occupy -pron- present site in central watford since 1907 .
the name watford_grammar school for girls date from 1903 .
although the school cease to be a tripartite system grammar school in 1975 , -pron- retain some feature of the grammar school tradition .
the school site be divide in two by a public footpath , with a footbridge span the path to connect the two part .
the northern part include a former private house , lady 's close now use as the english block .
also in the northern part be the pe block and fuller life gym ( with a swimming_pool ) , open to member of the public in non - school hour .
a new building , hyde house , be also situate in the northern part .
except during the first world war , when -pron- be take over by the red_cross as an auxiliary hospital , the building serve as the school 's preparatory department until that department be close in 1944 .
since then -pron- have serve as the home of the entry form to the school .
watford girls have be partially selective since 1995 , though the proportion of selection have be reduce over this period .
the school also give priority to sister of current pupil at the school .
prior to 2008 -pron- also give extra consideration during the selection process to sister of pupil of watford_grammar school for boys .
-pron- admission area reach out about , include some northern part of the london boroughs of harrow and hillingdon .
in comparison with the national average , -pron- intake have significantly high academic attainment , great ethnic diversity and few child receive free school meal .
an inspection in 2007 by the office for standards in education rat the school as outstanding in all category .
-pron- have long be near the top of performance table for comprehensive school , but when the key measure at gcse be change in 2007 to include english and mathematic the school move to the top position .
the then headmistress , dame_helen hyde , attribute part of -pron- success to de bono thinking tools , for which the school be one of the first in the united_kingdom to receive accreditation as a national training school .
unlike other sixth form in the uk , the upper and low sixth girl be require to wear school uniform , albeit with a white shirt instead of the yellow one wear by year 7 to 11 .
portal : north west england
/ do -pron- know/4
... that the journal of the royal statistical society , today a prominent academic journal in statistic , have as -pron- first work a simple door - to - door survey of occupation in manchester ?
mirto picchi ( march 15 , 1915 , san mauro , near florence - september 25 , 1980 , florence ) be an italian dramatic tenor , particularly associate with the italian repertory , and with contemporary work .
picchi study in milan with giulia tess and giuseppe armani , and make -pron- debut there as radamès in " aïda " , in 1946 .
in 1947 , -pron- appear in vienna , as don josé in " carmen " , and in london , at the cambridge theatre , as the duca di mantua in " rigoletto " , rodolfo in " la_bohème " , cavaradossi in " tosca " , and sing riccardo in " un_ballo in maschera " at edinburgh , in 1949 .
-pron- make -pron- debut at the royal_opera house in 1952 , as pollione in " norma " , opposite maria_callas .
-pron- also appear in rio_de_janeiro_nin 1950 , and chicago in 1954 .
however , the main part of -pron- career be in italy , notably in milan ( teatro_alla_scala_n) , rome , naples , and florence , where -pron- first sing jason in a revival of cherubini 's " médée " ( in the italian version ) , opposite callas , in 1953 .
-pron- create role in many contemporary work , notably ildebrando pizzetti 's " cagliostro " and " la figlia di_iorio " , and juan jose castro 's " proserpina y_el extranjero " .
one of the lead tenor of the post - war period , -pron- have a fine voice and be an accomplished singing - actor .
-pron- retire from the stage in 1974 ( don_basilio in " le nozze di_figaro " , at la_scala ) , and publish -pron- autobiography , " un trono vicino al sol " , in 1978 .
sabandía district be one of the twenty - nine district of the arequipa province in peru .
portal : north west england /
do -pron- know/5
... that chetham 's library in manchester , england be the old public library in the english - speak world ?
wikipedia : article for deletion / centennial high_school ( calgary )
portal : north west england /
do -pron- know/6
... that greater_manchester have nine castle , of which five be scheduled_ancient monuments ?
portal : north west england /
do -pron- know/7
... that because of -pron- unique geology , a 230  hectare area of rosthwaite fell in cumbria , england be declare a site of special scientific interest in 1985 ?
file : coa sabandia district in arequipa province.png
wikipedia : article for deletion / super cassette vision
portal : north west england /
do -pron- know/8
... that under the term of the bunbury agreement , the english county of cheshire would have remain neutral during the english civil_war ?
boetharius ( die c.623 ) be bishop of chartres from about 594 .
-pron- be chaplain to clothaire ii and , for a while , have be the captive of theuderic ii .
-pron- be a catholic and orthodox saint , -pron- feast day be 2 august .
portal : north west england
/ do -pron- know/9
... that the 1673 history of cheshire by sir peter leycester question amicia mainwaring 's legitimacy , lead to a " paper war " of 15 pamphlet with the mainwaring family ?
portal : north west england /
do -pron- know/10
... that george ormerod , an english antiquarian and historian , be responsible for organise the restoration of the saxon cross in sandbach in cheshire , england in 1816 ?
:
wikipedia request photograph in namibia
portal : north west england /
do -pron- know/11
... that the liverpool scottish , a unit of the british territorial_army , be raise in 1900 from scotsmen live in liverpool , england ?
three decembers be a chamber opera in two act by jake_heggie to a libretto by gene_scheer which be base on the unpublished play " some christmas letters " by terrence_mcnally .
create with a role for frederica_von_stade_n, the work premier on 29 february 2008 at the houston grand opera ( hgo ) .
-pron- commission the work in association with the san_francisco opera and cal_performances .
the opera be first present under the work title " last act " at the world premiere by the houston grand opera .
the premiere production be direct by leonard_foglia with lighting design by brian nason and costume by cesar galindo .
the ten - instrument chamber orchestra include two piano play heggie -pron- and patrick summers , who also conduct the performance .
the three part of the opera be set in the month of december in the year 1986 , 1996 and 2006 and -pron- tell the story of a famous actress , madeline , and -pron- two adult child as -pron- struggle to know and love each other .
" -pron- be the universal story about the family -pron- wish for and the family -pron- wind up with . "
portal : north west england /
do -pron- know/12
... that the beatles ' song " polythene
pam " be partly inspire by a liverpool fan who eat polyethylene ?
portal : north west england /
do -pron- know/13
... that the church of st james the great , haydock , merseyside be build with timber frame because -pron- flexibility would provide great protection against possible mining subsidence ?
wikipedia : article for deletion / clear water academy
wkyq be a country music format radio station base in paducah , kentucky .
wkyq broadcast on the frequency of 93.3 fm with an effective radiated power of 100,000 watt and antenna 279 meter height above average terrain .
wkyq serve paducah and western kentucky , southern illinois , northwest tennessee , and part of southeastern missouri .
wkyq be own by bristol broadcasting company , inc.
as of june 2016 the on - air line - up for wkyq be as follow :
portal : north west england /
do -pron- know/14
... that county palatine , autonomous area rule by a count palatine with special quasi - royal authority , be first create in the 11th - century kingdom of england to defend the scottish and welsh frontier and still formerly exist in the modern uk in county durham , cheshire , and lancashire ?
montana highway 44 be a state highway in the u.s. state of montana .
the route begin at us 89 near dupuyer and end as interstate 15 , intersect with u.s. route 91 along the way .
montana highway 44 begin at u.s. route 89 about north of dupuyer .
know as the " valier highway " , -pron- proceed due - east before intersect with original road .
a quick turn to the south east bring the intersection with westwind road .
the highway execute another turn to the south before once again move due - east .
shortly_thereafter , an intersection with dupuyer cutoff road occur , before the highway intersect west heights road .
the highway enter valier , and intersect montana secondary highway 358 .
as -pron- do so , -pron- travel along the norther shore of lake frances .
an intersection with division street follow , and the highway continue east .
after intersect several local road , montana highway 44 intersect u.s. route 91 and terminate at interstate 15 .
montana highway 44 be originally montana highway 216 .
portal : north west england / do -pron- know/15
... that lancashire cricketer dick barlow be immortalise in francis thompson 's poem " at lord 's " ?
do not dream be a collection of science_fiction , fantasy and horror story by author donald wandrei .
-pron- be release in 1997 by fedogan & bremer in an edition of 2,000 copy .
the collection also include a number of wandrei 's essay and prose_poems .
many of the story , essay and poem originally appear in the magazine " the minnesota quarterly " , " weird_tales " , " astounding_stories " , " fantasy magazine " , " argosy " , " esquire " , " unknown " and " leaf " .
red ransom ( foal 1987 in virginia , die 2009 ) be an american thoroughbred_racehorse .
in -pron- 2006 book " designing speed in the racehorse " , author ken mclean write that red ransom " be a sensationally fast juvenile . "
breed by paul mellon and race under -pron- rokeby stables banner , -pron- be sire by the 1972 epsom_derby_winner_n, roberto .
-pron- dam be arabia , a daughter of u.s. racing hall of fame_inductee , damascus .
condition for race by hall of fame trainer , mackenzie miller , on august 3 , 1989 the two - year - old red ransom win -pron- debut race while set a new saratoga_race_course_nrecord for five furlong .
-pron- make -pron- second start in early september at belmont park , score another win in a six furlong_allowance race .
however , the colt suffer an injury to a shin that keep -pron- out of race until early march 1990 .
consider a strong contender for the 1990 u.s. triple_crown series , red ransom make -pron- return with a second - place finish at florida 's gulfstream_park .
six day later while train -pron- suffer a torn_tendon_sheath_nthat end -pron- racing career .
retire to stud for the 1991 season , red ransom stand in the united_states until 1999 when owner paul mellon die and -pron- be sell to a breeding syndicate .
the horse be send to stand at stud in australia and as at 2008 stand at dalham_hall_stud_nin newmarket , england .
during -pron- stud career to date , red ransom have sire more than seventy stake winner include :
in addition , red ransom sire millionaire charge forward ( australia ) , ekraar ( england ) , plus two in japan , juno pentagon and roc de cambes .
-pron- die in 2009 after undergoing_surgery .
2004 ipc ice_sledge hockey world championships
the 3rd ipc ice_sledge hockey world championships be hold between april 13 , 2004 and april 24 , 2004 at kempehallen in örnsköldsvik , sweden .
örnsköldsvik be also the host of the first paralympic_winter_games_nin 1976 .
participate country : 104 athlete from eight nation canada , estonia , germany , great_britain , japan , norway , sweden , united_states .
the usa , norway and sweden be automatically qualified for -pron- performance at the salt_lake 2002 paralympic_winter_games_n, while the other five team be select through regional championship .
" ( roster be not yet complete ) "
all time be local ( utc+2 )
all time be local ( utc+2 )
wikipedia : article for deletion / forest_lawn high school
wikipedia : article for deletion / notre_dame high_school ( calgary )
:
featured article review / tom brinkman / archive1
category : wikipedia sockpuppet of lisatierney
these user be of and have be block indefinitely .
refer to for evidence .
william waightstill avery ( 1816–1864 ) be a north_carolina politician and lawyer .
bear at swan ponds in burke county ,
north_carolina , -pron- be the brother of isaac e. avery , the son of isaac thomas avery , and the grandson of waightstill avery .
in 1837 avery graduate from the university of north_carolina and deliver the valedictory_address at the graduation_ceremony .
in 1846 avery marry mary corinna morehead , the daughter of gov. john motley_morehead .
at marion , north propn in the fall of 1851 , avery be beat with a cowhide whip by samuel fleming , a merchant from burnsville , who be a participant in a lawsuit in which avery appear as legal counsel for ephraim greenlee .
avery be unarmed and a small man than fleming .
-pron- could not defend -pron- .
several week later fleming come to morganton bragging of -pron- courage and make unpleasant comment about avery .
when fleming appear in the courtroom and stand five foot from avery and near the presiding_judge , avery shoot fleming dead where -pron- stand .
avery be bring to trial for murder but be acquit on the ground of extreme provocation lead to temporary insanity .
a democrat , avery serve in the north_carolina house of commons and later in the north_carolina senate to which -pron- be elect speaker in 1856 .
-pron- run for congress in 1858 , but a split among the democrats lead to a victory by zebulon b. vance .
in 1860 avery be a representative to the democratic_party convention in charleston .
-pron- have a prominent role on the committee which write the party platform , which divide the party over how to address the issue of slavery , particularly the fugitive_slave_act_n.
due to this , there be a later convention hold in baltimore which do not include delegate from several slave state and divide the democratic party into northern and southern faction lead up to the election of 1860 .
after north_carolina secede from the union in 1861 , avery be choose to represent the state in the provisional confederate congress .
then , -pron- return to burke county to raise a regiment for the confederate states army .
several of avery 's brother have prominent role in the confederate army , most notably isaac avery who be kill while lead -pron- regiment at gettysburg , but william waightstill avery spend most of the civil_war in morganton attend to family business .
-pron- die in morganton from wound receive in a skirmish with a party of tennessee unionists in 1864 after a raid by the ( union ) third north_carolina mounted_infantry on camp vance .
loudwater may refer to :
arden f.c. be an amateur u.s. soccer team from pittsburgh , pennsylvania which go to the quarterfinal of the 1922 national challenge cup and the semifinal of the 1923 national challenge cup .
national soccer hall of fame member johnny jaap play for arden early in -pron- career .
grtgaz be a french natural_gas transmission system operator locate in bois - colombes , île_de france , france .
the operated system consist of high pressure gas pipeline with pressure exceed .
grtgaz be a public limited company , a subsidiary of the industrial group engie ( formerly gaz_de_france_n) .
-pron- be create on 1 january 2005 in application of european directive on the european electricity and gas market .
grtgaz operate in the regulated energy sector : this mean that the rate -pron- charge for -pron- service be public and set by the government .
-pron- activity be monitor by the energy_regulatory_commission_n( cre ) .
-pron- board of director be make up of representative of the government and of personnel , independent director and representative of the engie group .
thierry trouvé have be ceo of the company for april 26 , 2013 , take over from philippe boucly .
even though the grtgaz activity be a natural monopoly , the company do not manage all natural_gas transmission in france : tigf , an affiliate of the snam / gic / edf consortium manage the transmission system in the southwest_quadrant of france .
grtgaz also have an affiliate in germany , grtgaz deutschland ( 30 employee ) , which work with open grid europe to operate the megal gas pipeline connect the czech_republic , germany , austria and france .
the pipeline notably supply natural_gas to southern germany and france .
grtgaz have a dual role :
grtgaz have a public service role : -pron- guarantee a continuous supply of natural_gas , even in time of extreme cold .
under french law , even in the event of exceptionally cold condition , as may occur every 50 year , the transmission system must be able to meet peak consumer demand .
the law define this concept of exceptionally cold condition as follow :
currently , these temperature , as calculate from previous winter , be around -1.5  °_c on average across france , with a minimum of -18.1  °_c and a maximum of -1  °_c , depend on the location .
since -pron- creation , grtgaz have own and operate the transmission network as -pron- industrial equipment and primary asset .
the pipeline network manage by grtgaz cover all of france except the southwest corner .
-pron- include :
gas pipeline be almost always bury and typically locate in rural area ( 90 % ) .
gas pipeline be mark on the ground level by yellow panel and an easement strip of 5 to 20 m that must remain visible and unobstructed by surround vegetation or construction .
grtgaz lay out a 10-year investment program to develop and optimize -pron- industrial facility .
the program pursue the follow goal :
grtgaz already invest over 2 billion euro between 2013 and 2015 , notably to develop the " hauts de_france ii " and " arc de dierrey " project ( 180  km ) to connect the new dunkirk lng_terminal or develop interconnection with belgium , germany and spain .
grtgaz be active in the renewable gas industry .
-pron- make -pron- possible for the gas network to accept biomethane , which can be produce by methanization use household waste , biomass or sewage from purification plant .
the first station to connect biomethane to the french transmission network be commission in chagny ( saône - et - loire ) in 2015 .
grtgaz also invest in power to gas conversion , which make -pron- possible both to use surplus renewable electricity and recycle industrial co emission .
methane produce through methanation can then be inject into the gas transmission system .
decide in 2015 , the first industrial pilot of this type , jupiter 1000 , coordinate by grtgaz , will be build at fos - sur - mer , with commission plan in 2018 .
in the natural_gas vehicle ( ngv ) market , grtgaz be name by the french association for natural_gas vehicle to prepare a roadmap for introduce ngv technology in france by 2020 .
the goal be to install over 200 new public recharge station to reach a fleet of 11,000 truck and 20,000 utility vehicle .
weightlift at the 1928 summer_olympics – men 's 82.5 kg
the man 's light_heavyweight event be part of the weightlift programme at the 1928 summer_olympics .
the weight class be the second - heaviest contest , and allow weightlifter of up to 82.5 kilogram ( 181.5 pound ) .
the competition be hold on sunday , july 29 , 1928 .
these be the stand world and olympic record ( in kilogram ) prior to the 1928 summer_olympics .
" ( * ) " originally a five lift competition .
all four olympic record be improve in this competition .
el_sayed nosseir set a new world record in snatch with 112.5 kilogram and in the total of the three lift with 355 kilogram .
identification in biology be the process of assign a pre - exist taxon name to an individual organism .
identification of organism to individual scientific name ( or code ) may be base on individualistic natural body feature ( e. g. ) , experimentally create individual marker ( e.g. , color dot pattern ) , or natural individualistic molecular_markers ( similar to those use in maternity or paternity identification test ) .
individual identification be use , e.g. , in ecology , wildlife management or conservation biology .
the more common form of identification be the identification of organism to common name ( e. g. , " lion " ) or scientific name ( e. g. , " panthera_leo " ) .
by necessity this be base on inherit feature ( " character " ) of the sexual organism , the inheritance form the basis of define a class .
the feature may , e. g. , be morphological , anatomical , physiological , behavioral , or molecular .
the term " determination " may occasionally be use as a synonym for identification ( e. g. ) , or as in " determination slip " .
identification method may be manual or computerized and may involve use identification key , browse through field guide that contain ( often illustrate ) species account , compare the organism with specimen from natural history collection , or take image to be analyze and compare against a pre - train knowledge base with specie information .
enh may refer to :
yohan_blake ( bear 26 december 1989 ) , be a jamaican_sprinter of the 100-metre and 200-metre sprint race .
-pron- win gold at the 100 m at the 2011 world championships as the young 100 m world champion ever , and a silver_medal in the 2012 olympic_games in london in the 100 m and 200 m race for the jamaican team .
blake be the second fast man ever in both 100  m and 200  m.
together with tyson_gay , -pron- be the joint second fast man ever over 100 m with a personal good of 9.69  second , behind only usain_bolt .
-pron- personal good for the 200 m ( 19.26 second ) be the second fast time ever after bolt .
-pron- hold the jamaican national junior record for the 100 metre , and be formerly the young sprinter to have break the 10-second barrier ( at 19 year , 196 day ) .
-pron- be coached by glen mills and -pron- training partner be usain_bolt and daniel bailey .
blake attend st. jago high_school in spanish town where -pron- first sporting love be cricket .
blake be a fast_bowler , and -pron- be only after the school principal see how quickly -pron- run to the wicket that -pron- be urge to try sprint .
blake set the fast time by a jamaican junior sprinter over 100  m with 10.11  second .
the record be set at the 2007 carifta_games hold in the turks and caicos_islands where -pron- also lead -pron- team to gold in the 4 × 100 metre relay .
at this occasion , -pron- be award the austin sealy trophy for the
most outstanding athlete of the 2007 carifta_games .
in 2008 when usain_bolt be ask in an interview whether there be any sprinter that could challenge -pron- , bolt name -pron- training partner blake , say " watch out for yohan_blake .
-pron- work like a beast .
-pron- be there with -pron- step for step in training . "
the " beast " nickname stick .
blake win the 100 metre " b " race at the 2009 reebok_grand_prix_n.
-pron- exploit at the golden gala in july represent a significant improvement .
-pron- prove -pron- to be a serious competitor at the senior level : -pron- take third place behind tyson_gay and asafa_powell and improve -pron- personal good with a 10-second barrier - break run of 9.96  second , become the young athlete ever to do so .
-pron- improve to 9.93  second shortly after , take third place behind train partner bolt and daniel bailey at the meeting areva .
prior to the 2009 world championships , blake ( along with marvin anderson and sheri - ann brooks ) tested_positive for the stimulant 4-methyl-2-hexanamine .
a disciplinary panel organise by the jamaica anti - doping commission ( jadco ) clear -pron- of a doping infraction on the ground that the drug be not on the world anti - doping_agency 's ban list .
however , jadco appeal -pron- own panel 's ruling , state that the athlete should be discipline as the drug be similar in structure to the banned_substance tuaminoheptane .
as the panel would resolve the issue after the world championships , the jamaica amateur_athletic association take the precaution of withdraw blake from the relay race .
the appeal tribunal decide that a ban would be appropriate , and blake and the three other sprinter each receive a three - month ban from competition .
at the 2011 world championships , blake comfortably make the final .
follow the disqualification of compatriot_usain_bolt_n, blake win the gold medal in a time of 9.92s .
at , blake also become the young 100 metre world champion ever , surpass carl lewis , who win the event at 1983 world championships at the age of .
alongside bolt and other jamaican teammate in daegu , blake win the 4×100 m relay final and break the world record ( set by the jamaican team at the beijing_olympics in 2008 ) with a time of 37.04 second .
at the 2011 iaaf_diamond league meeting in zurich , blake beat asafa_powell in the 100  m with a personal good of 9.82 second .
the following week in brussels , blake set a 2011 world lead time in the 200 m with a personal good of 19.26 second , the second fast time of all - time of the event with an improvement of more than half of a second ( 0.52  s ) from -pron- previous good 19.78  s set in monaco in 2010 .
blake begin -pron- 2012 season strongly , register the first sub-10-second time of the season ( 9.90s ) at april 's utech classic .
-pron- go on to register a 9.84 second run at the cayman invitational prior to the jamaican olympic trial , where -pron- beat usain_bolt over 100 metre with a time of 9.75 second .
-pron- also win the 200 metre with a time of 19.80s ahead of bolt at 19.83s .
the 2012 london olympics be the first olympics that blake participate in .
-pron- come in as a serious threat to bolt 's 100 m title .
in the 100 m final -pron- place second to bolt in a time of 9.75 second .
-pron- also follow bolt home in the final of the 200 metre where -pron- win the silver_medal in a time of 19.44 second , the fast non - win time in history .
in the 4×100 m final , blake run the third leg as the jamaicans win gold , set a new world record time of 36.84 second .
on 23 august 2012 , at the athletissima diamond league meet in lausanne , switzerland , blake run the 100 metre in 9.69 second , tie -pron- with tyson_gay as the second fast man in history , behind bolt .
blake suffer a hamstring_injury in april 2013 .
after run 20.72 second over 200 m in the jamaica nationals on june 8 , thus fail to qualify for the 200 m event at the 2013 moscow world championships , blake pull out of the 100 m event of the world championships , for which -pron- have an automatic entry as the defend world champion .
blake try compete again in 2014 , but place 6th at the 200 m lausanne diamond league event , with a time of 20.48 second .
-pron- then suffer another hamstring_injury and fall at the 40 metre mark during the glasgow diamond league 100 m race shortly after that , end -pron- season .
blake decide -pron- be ready to race again in 2015 after recover from injury in 2013 and 2014 .
-pron- fail to advance from the jamaica outdoor national championship semi - final in the 100 metre , place ninth with a time of 10.36 second , with the top 8 advancing to the final .
-pron- do not participate in the 200 m trial after that .
blake finish fourth in the 100 m at the 2016 summer_olympics in rio_de_janeiro_nwith a time of 9.93 s.
-pron- fail to reach the final of the 200 m , finish 6th in -pron- semi - final .
however , blake win -pron- second career olympic gold in the 4×100 m relay .
away from athletic , blake continue to be a keen cricketer , have once hold ambition to play for the west_indies .
play for the kingston cricket club in the athletic off - season and specialise as a bowler , blake once take four wicket for ten run .
on 16 august 2012 , blake ring the bell at lord 's cricket_ground , london to signify the start of the third investec test match between england and south_africa .
-pron- be the first non - professional cricketer to do this .
blake be also a fan of ipl team royal_challengers_bangalore_n( rcb ) and have express -pron- desire to play for -pron-
and also yorkshire county cricket club .
like -pron- compatriot_usain_bolt_n, blake be a manchester united supporter .
blake also attend the 2014 formula_one british grand_prix .
category : rail trail in connecticut
interior of the winter palace .
the corner drawing - room of emperor nicholas -pron-
a watercolour paint in the mid-19th century by constantine ukhtomsky
category : rail trail in maryland
hancock_prospecting be a lead australian own mining and agricultural business run by executive chairman gina_rinehart and ceo garry korte .
establish in 1955 , the company be chair by gina_rinehart , estimate to be the wealthy person in australia , and the daughter of the company 's founder , the late lang hancock .
upon resume the executive chairmanship , mrs rinehart take over a company that be in a perilous financial position with significant debt and major asset mortgage and under threat of seizure .
hancock hold the right to some of the large land lease in the pilbara_region of western australia , contain the world 's large iron_ore deposit .
-pron- be own by gina_rinehart ( 76.6 % ) and the hope margaret hancock trust ( 23.4 % ) .
in august 2016 , former politician sophie_mirabella be now the general manager of medium relation for this company .
the hancock group of companies be holder of numerous iron_ore lease in the pilbara .
the lease cover an area of predominantly in the central pilbara_region and contain mineable_reserves of brockman and marra_mamba ore of over 850 million tonne .
lease in the eastern pilbara_region contain mineable_reserves of marra_mamba ore of over 2 billion tonne , and over 500 million tonne of ferruginous manganese in -pron- nicholas downs project , which be a joint_venture with mining service company mineral_resources_limited_n.
in 2011 , the company be estimate to be earn about 870 million in revenue per year .
this be base on a 50 % share of profit generate at the hope downs mine which be operate by rio_tinto .
hope downs production level of 30 million tonne per year and current price ( around us$ 140 per tonne ) generate over a$ 2 billion in revenue , and about a$ 700 million in net cash .
in addition , the company receive a 1.25 % royalty from iron_ore sale by hamersley_iron ( a rio_tinto subsidiary ) which deliver about a$ 170 million a year .
hancock_prospecting exploration activity be do under the jacaranda alliance , a joint_venture between hancock , minerals australia pty_ltd , and several former executive of rio_tinto .
exploration and evaluation work on uranium , molybdenum , lead , zinc , gold , diamond and petroleum deposit be conduct in australia , papua new guinea , new_zealand and south east asia .
as of 2016 , hancock_prospecting begin to diversify -pron- interest into the cattle industry , acquire 67 % of s. kidman & co.
at stage of -pron- trading , the company have be know as hancock_prospecting ltd , hancock resources , hanwright pty_ltd , hancock & wright ltd , and hancock_prospecting pty . ltd.
in 1988 lang hancock establish the hope margaret hancock trust , nominate rinehart as trustee , with -pron- four grandchild name as beneficiary .
the trust own a quarter of the share in hancock_prospecting .
in 2011 rinehart 's daughter , hope rinehart welker , commence a commercial action in the new south wales supreme_court for reason understand to be relate to the conduct of the trustee .
the action seek to remove rinehart as sole trustee .
-pron- brother , john , and sister , bianca , be later reveal as party to the dispute .
in an agreement reach between the party , the court grant an interim non - publication order in september 2011 .
in make the interim order , justice paul brereton state : " this be not the first occasion of discord in the family , which have immense wealth , no small part of which reside in the trust .
in the past , the affair of the family , include such discord , have attract considerable publicity in the medium . "
then , in a judgement hand down on 7 october 2011 , justice brereton state that -pron- intend to dismiss an application by rinehart , that there be a stay on court action , and that the family be direct into mediation .
in december 2011 , three justice of the nsw court of appeal lift the suppression order on the case .
however , a stay be grant until 3 february 2012 and extend by the high court of australia until 9 march 2012 .
rinehart 's application for suppression be support by ginia rinehart , but be oppose by hope , john and bianca .
a subsequent application by rinehart for a non - publication order on the ground of fear of personal and family safety be dismiss by the nsw supreme_court on 2 february 2012 .
in march 2012 , when the suppression order be lift , -pron- be reveal that rinehart have delay the vest date of the trust , which have prompt the court action by -pron- three old child .
rinehart stand down as trustee during the hearing in october 2013 .
while rinehart 's lawyer subsequently declare any legal matter close , john and bianca 's legal representative proceed with a trial in the nsw supreme_court to deal with allegation of misconduct , whereby rinehart be accuse of have " unclean hand " .
-pron- appear likely that the matter would be settle by the court appoint a new trustee .
1955 five nations championship
the 1955 five nations championship be the twenty - sixth series of the rugby union five nations championship .
include the previous incarnation as the home nations and five nations , this be the sixty - first series of the northern_hemisphere_rugby_nunion championship .
ten match be play between 8 january and 26 march .
-pron- be contest by england , france , ireland , scotland and wales .
the team involve be :
drummond street may refer to :
the herrenhäuser brewery ( herrenhäuser brauerei ) be found in 1868 in the herrenhausen district of hannover , germany .
there be number of brewery in hannover , e.g. gilde brewery be found about 300 year earlier .
herrenhäuser introduce the first kosher pilsener beer to the european market call herrenhäuser kosher .
the company be originally establish under the name brauerei wölfler & wedekind herrenhausen .
category : rail trail in colorado
nuragic and contemporary_art_museum
the nuragic and contemporary_art_museum_n, also know as " betile " , be a plan museum in cagliari , sardinia , italy , design by zaha_hadid .
work be in progress to build -pron- on the sant'elia promenade , near to the stadio_sant'elia football stadium .
the museum will be dedicate to nuragic and contemporary art .
work from sardinia and the mediterranean will be display .
1956 five nations championship
the 1956 five nations championship be the twenty - seventh series of the rugby union five nations championship .
include the previous incarnation as the home nations and five nations , this be the sixty - second series of the northern_hemisphere_rugby_nunion championship .
ten match be play between 14 january and 14 april .
-pron- be contest by england , france , ireland , scotland and wales .
the team involve be :
city of imola motorcycle grand prix
the city of imola motorcycle grand_prix be a round of the fim grand_prix motorcycle racing championship between 1996 and 1999 .
the hendrie stakes be a thoroughbred horse race run annually at woodbine_racetrack in toronto , ontario , canada .
hold in mid may , the grade iii sprint race be open to filly and mare , aged four and old and be contest over a distance of six and a half furlong on polytrack_synthetic dirt .
-pron- offer a purse of $ 116,205 with an additional $ 50,000 for ontario - breed horse provide by the canadian thoroughbred_horse society ( cths ) through -pron- thoroughbred improvement_program ( tip ) .
-pron- be inaugurate in 1975 and run at the fort_erie racetrack for the first two year as the george c. hendrie handicap in honor of george campbell hendrie .
hendrik 's call from one of canada 's most prominent race family who , as do -pron- father and grandfather before -pron- , serve as president of the ontario jockey_club .
most win by an owner :
most win by a jockey :
most win by a trainer :
:
mediation cabal / cases/2008 - 03 - 31 nikon_dslr_cameras
-pron- will try to help and serve as a third opinion but this be -pron- first time and -pron- may need additional assitance hence -pron- will leave -pron- at new .
( ) 04:33 , 3 april 2008 ( utc )
-pron- could find the process useful .
( ) 09:55 , 1 april 2008 ( utc )
well let -pron- start name out solution .
give the discussion on the talk page , here be the few option -pron- think be available ( feel free to add more ) :
1 . go with " popularly - understand " label , without the need for an official source .
nearly everyone would consider the nikon d40-d40x - d60 series to be an " entry - level " model , for example .
yes , someone may argue differently , but -pron- would say the number of people who would classify the d40 as a " prosumer " or " professional " camera to be in a very , very small minority .
thus , go with popular consensus would make sense for a handful of camera where there be a very clear consensus ( -pron- do not require a citation on the hand article that " the human hand consist of a broad palm with 5 digit " , for example ) .
however , this may be more contentious for certain model line ( be the d300 " professional " or " prosumer " ? )
.
assume marketing term use in press_releases , with citation .
this have the advantage of be very verifiable , and from a reliable source .
however , marketing term do not necessarily correspond to a camera 's actual price range or capability set - a marketing department could advertise the next nikon d40 as a " great camera for enthusiast and professional alike ! " , but -pron- do not really make sense to classify -pron- as a " professional " camera , just because nikon 's marketing department say so .
.
use marketing term , with citation , but hide citation use < noinclude>.
some think that have citation appear in template ( which be not suppose to be source of information ( article ) -pron- , but be rather navigational guide to such information ) make -pron- cluttered .
however other think that citation be need to be visible so reader can see the source of information , no matter
what the context , so noinclude tag would defeat the purpose .
this be a bit of a compromise between 1 and 2 , have citation and verifiable information but not have -pron- clutter up the main page .
.
use some third party 's publication as reference for product classification .
this may lead to some contention , such as source a call the camera a " professional " model while source b say -pron- " prosumer " , but in general -pron- think this will be less contentious than # 1 go with " popular consensus " , and that a " popular consensus " among reputable publication can be establish .
.
use price to classify different model .
this be mostly non - contentious , ( the current model of the d300 series will always cost more than the d80 series , which will always cost more than the d40 series ) .
however , classify purely by price may not be as descriptive as other classification criterion .
so people 's opinion on what the priority here may vary , so this be more subjective .
here be what -pron- think should be goal for these template ( in no particular order of priority ) :
( ) 06:28 , 3 april 2008 ( utc )
-pron- have not bother to post here because , frankly , -pron- do not really give a crap any more .
-pron- have be argue for the whole time and have state numerous time that -pron- only care the source be verifiable and authoritative .
this all stem from random j. user change the template for whatev reason .
:
v demand that contentious content be source " by those who add -pron- " or -pron- must be remove .
initially , -pron- opt for the latter ( which lead to edit war with tejastheory ) but take -pron- upon -pron- ( which wp : v do not require ) to find source ( which lead to edit war with syberwolff who outright remove source ) .
-pron- reject dig up random review site because , at good , -pron- be 3rd party source whom have no authority to speak as a reliable source .
no one have , to -pron- knowledge , rise to -pron- challenge of find a book or some kind of photography association or a world - renown digital photographer to use as a reliable source , and so -pron- be stick with manufacturer or random review site .
personally , -pron- do not disagree with the consumer / prosumer / professional classification system but -pron- opinion be irrelevant when find reliable and authoritative source that wp : v demand .
-pron- do not give a crap any more because -pron- be tired of fight for policy against people willing to toss -pron- aside because -pron- would be more convenient .
-pron- would seem syberwolff still think wp : v be something to ignore when -pron- convenient .
( ) 00:53 , 8 april 2008 ( utc )
pueblo_nuevo district , ferreñafe
pueblo_nuevo district be one of the six district of the ferreñafe province in peru .
clifton ( mayfield ) railway station
clifton ( mayfield ) railway_station be open on 3 may 1852 by the north staffordshire railway at clifton on the southern fringe of ashbourne , derbyshire .
originally name " clifton " , -pron- be rename " clifton ( mayfield ) " on 22 august 1893 , and be know as " clifton for mayfield " in some timetable .
-pron- be on a branch from rocester to ashbourne and in 1899 -pron- be meet by the ashbourne line build by the london and north western railway from buxton .
regular passenger service cease on 1 november 1954 and freight end in 1964
wikipedia : article for deletion / portable game
:
extracts film hard days night.jpg
file : coa pueblo_nuevo district in ferreñafe province.png
extract from the film a hard day 's night
extract from the film a hard day 's night be an ep by the beatles release on 4 november 1964 by parlophone ( catalogue number gep 8920 . )
-pron- be also release in australia , spain , new_zealand and france .
all of the track also appear on the " a hard day 's night " album .
all song write by john lennon and paul_mccartney .
rocester railway_station be a railway_station build by the north staffordshire railway ( nsr ) locate at rocester in staffordshire .
-pron- be open in 1849 by the nsr on -pron- churnet_valley line between and .
three year later the station become a junction station when the nsr build a branch to via .
this be meet in 1899 by the ashbourne line from build by the lnwr .
the aim of the lnwr be to run express from buxton to london , as well as gain access to derby and the east_midlands .
in fact the express never materialise , be no more than through coach attach to other train at uttoxeter .
even in lms day when the train run through from buxton to rocester , -pron- be timetabl as different service which include a " through coach . "
passenger service to ashbourne finish in 1954 and freight end in 1964 .
the station close when the churnet_valley line close in 1965 .
file : iraqi minstry of defence logo.jpg
the saturdays be a child 's novel write and illustrate by elizabeth enright , publish by farrar & rinehart in 1941 .
-pron- be the first of four book in the melendy family series , introduce the four melendy child who determine to stop waste -pron- saturdays , pool -pron- allowance , and take turn have adventure in pre - world_war_ii_nnew_york city .
in 2012 " the saturdays " be rank number 75 among all - time good child 's novel in a survey publish by " school library journal " – the second of three book by enright in the top 100 .
the four melendy child live with -pron- father , a widow professor of economic , and cuffy , -pron- beloved housekeeper , in a brownstone in new_york city .
there be thirteen - year - old mona , who have -pron- heart set on become an actress ; twelve - year - old mischievous rush , who play the piano ; ten - year - old miranda " randy " who love to dance and paint ; and thoughtful oliver , who be six .
tired of waste saturdays do nothing but wish for large allowance , the four melendys jump at randy 's idea to start the independent saturday afternoon adventure club ( i.s.a.a.c. ) .
if -pron- pool -pron- resource and take turn spend the whole amount , -pron- can each have at least one memorable saturday afternoon of -pron- own .
before long , i.s.a.a.c. be in operation and every saturday be definitely one to remember .
each melendy child be able to do exactly what -pron- or -pron- please , discover new idea along the way .
randy become friend with an old lady who be once kidnap by gypsy , rush bring home a stray dog , and mona shock -pron- family by take -pron- first step toward adulthood .
but when oliver want to be out on -pron- own , too , the rest of the family have second thought .
" kirkus " give " the saturdays " a star review for " book of remarkable merit " , call -pron- " [ a ] delightful family story , build around an original pattern . "
hill
arbuthnot also like the unusual structure of the book , point out that " [ t]heir adventure in new_york city be characteristic of each child " .
-pron- also call -pron- " often startling and always amusing " .
concern the four melendy child , the " dictionary of literary_biography " cite enright 's ability to " include the interaction and various viewpoint of a fully develop group of character " .
reviewer irene haas agree , call the melendy child " satisfy character " .
max_delbrück_center_nfor molecular_medicine in the helmholtz association
the max_delbrück_center_nfor molecular_medicine in the helmholtz_association ( mdc ) in berlin
, germany be one of the sixteen research center of the helmholtz_association of german research centres .
the max_delbrück_center_nbe found in january 1992 as the successor to the zentralinstitut für molekularbiologie which depend on the german academy of sciences berlin until 1990 .
the center be name after berlin - bear nobel_prize laureate and biophysicist max_delbrück .
the institute combine basic research in molecular_biology with clinical research , with a focus on multi - organ disease such as heart failure .
the follow four area be central research topic :
the current scientific director be martin j. lohse .
-pron- be also a professor at the university of würzburg , where -pron- found the rudolf_virchow center .
the mdc be rank 14th in the thompson reuters list of the world ’s 20 good research_institutes for molecular_biology and genetic , base on -pron- publication record .
the max_delbrück medal have be award annually by the center since -pron- foundation and be present in berlin to an outstanding scientist on the occasion of the annual " berlin lecture on molecular_medicine " , which the mdc organize together with other berlin research institution and bayer_healthcare .
the award recipient usually deliver a lecture after the award .
portal : american revolutionary_war / select picture / layout
norbury and ellaston railway station
norbury and ellaston railway_station be open in 1852 by the north staffordshire railway at norbury south of ashbourne , derbyshire .
-pron- be on a branch from rocester to ashbourne and in 1899 -pron- be meet by the ashbourne line build by the london and north western railway from buxton .
regular passenger service finish in 1954 , freight end in 1956 but occasional special excursion train use the station until 1958 .
" je_te veux " ( " -pron- want -pron- " ) be a song compose by erik_satie to a text by henry pacory .
a sentimental waltz with erotic lyric , -pron- be write for paulette darty , whose accompanist satie have be for a period of time .
the text consist of two verse and a repeat chorus .
the song be register with sacem on 20 november 1902 , but roland - manuel argue -pron- have actually be compose in 1897 .
satie compose various version of the " je_te veux " waltz : for piano and voice , for an orchestra of brass instrument , and for full orchestra ( include a trio ) .
the piano and voice version be first publish in 1903 .
the composer later arrange the work for solo piano , add a middle section between the second chorus and the second verse .
the melody be perform to the public in 1903 , at la_scala ( not the milan music hall ) , then a popular cabaret in paris .
in 1925 , the song be record with yvonne george as singer . "
je_te veux " be also record by mathé altéry , régine crespin , gigliola negri , nicolaï gedda , and davide bassino , and later by soprano jessye_norman , marie devellereaum and angela_gheorghiu .
jazz vocalist cécile mclorin salvant perform the song on jacky_terrasson 's 2012 album " gouache " .
john cage instruct the performer to do the piano and voice version as part of -pron- " sonnekus² " .
wikipedia : article for deletion / cmgn news
wikipedia : article for deletion / scheherazade ( soul_calibur )
twenty love_poems and a song of despair
twenty love_poems and a song of despair ( ) be a collection of romantic poem by the chilean poet_pablo_neruda_n, first publish in 1924 by editorial nascimento of santiago , when neruda be 19 .
-pron- be neruda 's second publish work , after crepusculario ( editorial nascimento , 1923 ) and make -pron- name as a poet .
" veinte poema " be controversial for -pron- eroticism , especially consider -pron- author 's very young age .
over the decade , " veinte poema " have become neruda 's best - know work , and have sell more than 20 million copy .
the book have be translate into many language ; in english , the translation be make by poet w. s. merwin .
-pron- remain the good sell poetry book in the spanish language ever , almost 100 year after -pron- first publication .
in 2001 , the alternative rock musician lynda thomas release as a single the flamenco song
ay , ay , ay , which be base on this work .
paul andrew williams be a british film writer and director , bear in portsmouth , england in 1973 .
-pron- win the new director 's award for -pron- film london to brighton in the 2006 edinburgh international_film_festival_n.
williams begin -pron- career as an actor but later write and direct pop - promo , viral ad and short film .
in 2001 -pron- write and direct the short film " royalty " which inspire " london to brighton " . "
royalty " premier at the london film_festival in 2001 , be show uk television , be shortlist for the kodak showcase , and later screen at bafta .
in 2003 williams be the only uk - base director to be pick up by the fox_searchlight director 's lab .
-pron- short film , " -pron- be okay to drink whiskey " , make through this programme , premier at 2004 's sundance_film_festival_n.
-pron- uk tv debut , " naked " , be pick of the day in " time out " magazine .
through a new development slate between pathe and bbc films , williams be hire to write " the choir " .
williams write and direct the psychological_thriller " cherry_tree lane " , which premier as part of the fright_fest .
charles snyder may refer to :
anne s. k. brown military collection
the anne s. k. brown military collection be one of the large research collection devote to the history and iconography of soldier and soldiering , from circa 1500 to 1945 .
formerly a private collection , -pron- be donate to the brown university library in 1981 .
mrs. john nicholas brown ( anne seddon kinsolving brown , 1906 - 1985 ) begin collect toy soldier in 1930 , but within a few year have move on to acquire graphic and monograph depict or describe military uniform .
in the year follow the second world war , the collection increase dramatically , so much so that the brown family be advise to move the archive out of -pron- house for fear of cause structural damage from the weight .
today , the collection be locate on the top floor of the john hay library situate on the brown university campus .
besides approximately 5,000 toy soldier ( additional figure can be find in the annmary brown memorial on the brown campus ) , the main focus of the collection be over 15,000 print , drawing , painting and watercolor .
there be also photograph and sheet music cover .
the graphic depict soldier in battle , on parade , genre scene , caricature , military portrait , and uniform study .
every major country be represent , with france , the united_kingdom , germany and the german state be the large section .
other important part focus on austria , russia , the united_states and elsewhere .
complement the graphic collection be over 20,000 book , and thousand of album , sketchbook , scrapbook and portfolio .
the monograph include army list , regimental_histories , biography , campaign history , humor , royalty and ceremony , costume and early travel , uniform book , drill , tactic and regulation .
there be many contemporary military regulation as well as a small collection of manuscript material .
weightlift at the 1928 summer_olympics – men 's + 82.5 kg
the man 's heavyweight or unlimited event be part of the weightlift programme at the 1928 summer_olympics .
the weight class be the heaviest contest , and allow weightlifter over 82.5 kilogram ( 181.5 pound ) .
the competition be hold on sunday , july 29 , 1928 .
these be the stand world and olympic record ( in kilogram ) prior to the 1928 summer_olympics .
" ( * ) " originally a five lift competition .
all four olympic record be improve in this competition .
josef straßberger set a new world record in press with 122.5 kilogram .
all figure in kilogram .
pick ' n ' mix be the second and final album by english singer lolly .
-pron- retire from music after the album 's release .
biological imaging may refer to any imaging technique use in biology .
13:40 , 31 march 2008 ( utc )
setanta747 be an editor who edit from an extremely disruptive and biased loyalist perspective .
there be regular edit such as this where -pron- change the birthplace of someone bear before northern_ireland exist from the correct ireland to northern_ireland .
-pron- be also heavily involved in the edit war where loyalist editor claim the ulster banner be the flag of northern_ireland , when -pron- be not and have no legal status .
as a result of this -pron- be threaten with probation from the troubles arbcom case .
the account setanta747 have not edit since december , since then the editor have be edit from ip_addresses which give -pron- contentious editing past be not a permit use of sockpuppet per as editor have a legitimate interest in review -pron- contribution , and in addition do so be avoid the possibility of probation be impose .
setanta747 editing anonymously be first discover as a result of be notify on -pron- talk page .
!
vote to keep the article at the afd here , and after a further review of the ip 's contribution -pron- be clear -pron- be in fact setanta747 .
as setanta747 , -pron- repeatedly try to remove well - know and frequently cite quote that show basil brooke , 1st viscount brookeborough be a sectarian hatemonger , for example see here , here , here , here and here , which be even revert by a unionist editor .
editing anonymously , -pron- then try to whitewash the article by remove the remain quote ( include a summary that -pron- should be on wikiquote , which setanta747 previously say in a summary on two occasion ; see previous diff ) , here and here .
there be be disruption by anonymous ip on other article , for example on brian faulkner , baron faulkner of downpatrick -pron- try to repeatedly change the birthplace to the factually_incorrect " northern_ireland " against the consensus on , see
here , here , here and here .
-pron- be not often that agree with -pron- , but in relation to " northern_ireland " be use to describe the birthplace of people who be bear pre - partition -pron- do , see here and here .
there be be similar disruptive edit , such as this to john boyd dunlop , and this to annie scott dill maunder .
there be also be attempt to add an unofficial flag to ( originally create by setanta747 ) , see here and here
the ip be not only link together by common edit theme , there be also edit to list of country by compactness that show -pron- be the same person .
90.210.214.15 make this edit to the article , which be then repeat by 90.197.80.73 this edit .
similarly with above , where 90.197.80.73 make these edit which 90.197.80.66 make again .
there be also edit like this edit which show this editor be clearly not a " brand new " editor , as -pron- be setanta747 who originally create wikiproject northern_ireland in the first place .
and similarly this edit revert a bot tag wikiproject belfast as inactive , another wikiproject that setanta747 create in the first place .
the various ip have frequently be add banner for the above wikiprojects to article , which be not really typical behaviour of ip editor but -pron- be typical behaviour of setanta747 - example .
there be also this where -pron- chastise another editor for inadvertantly remove a wikiproject banner , originally tag by setanta747 .
this edit summary of " revert unexplained revert " be a common type of edit summary use by setanta747 when anyone revert any of -pron- ( sometimes ) contentious edit , such as " undid unexplained reversion " , " undo unexplained revert " , " rv unexplained revert " , " restore unexplained reversion " , " undo unexplained revert " , and " undo unexplained edit " .
the latter be attempt ( two of many , other be - ) to amend guideline that would allow an unofficial flag to be use wholesale to represent northern_ireland .
similarly " revert : please do not revert editor ' work wholesale without explanation " be another common type of edit summary use by setanta747 -
" please try to avoid revert people ' edit wholesale " , " please observe carefully what -pron- be revert wholesale " , " please do not arbitrarily revert wholesale without discussion first "
to sum up .
there be the exact same type of biased edit to the same range of article ,
wikiproject tag for two virtually inactive wikiprojects
setanta747 set up , involvement in , same edit summary etc_etc .
there be plenty more if need , -pron- want to try and keep -pron- relatively concise .
13:40 , 31 march 2008 ( utc )
be this cover by sockpuppetry rule ?
-pron- could be wrong , but none of the evidence that -pron- can immediately see show that the user have edit use ip at the same time in order to avoid detection or attempt to demonstrate a faux consensus .
-pron- be not be trite , more a genuine inquiry .
( ) 16:01 , 31 march 2008 ( utc )
the ip_addresses look like -pron- be dynamic .
-pron- come from the same isp , and none of the edit be in the same time period , as for , this user have not make an edit for a while , and the last one be blank the user page , so -pron- look like -pron- be no longer contribute .
00:18 , 7 april 2008 ( utc )
1957 five nations championship
the 1957 five nations championship be the twenty - eighth series of the rugby union five nations championship .
include the previous incarnation as the home nations and five nations , this be the sixty - third series of the northern_hemisphere_rugby_nunion championship .
ten match be play between 12 january and 23 march .
-pron- be contest by england , france , ireland , scotland and wales .
england win -pron- 15th title , win also the grand_slam , the triple_crown and the calcutta cup .
the team involve be :
gray line montreal , although a member of the coach canada family , be an independently manage operation , that also formerly carry the brand of stagecoach montréal .
-pron- run a fleet of coach and double - decker bus in and around montreal , under the banner of gray line worldwide sightseeing_tours , offer city tour and trip to quebec city .
although departure be mostly at the dorchester square / peel street location , some of the route offer hop - on hop - off convenience .
autocar connaiseur inc. , be found in 1982 by lorenzo calce , a former vice - president of murray hill limousines , operate charter and gray line sightseeing_tours in montreal .
in 1997 the company , which have grow to a fleet of over 100 bus , be sell to coach usa the north american division of the international transport group " stagecoach " .
approval under the " investment canada act " be give in october 1999 , for stagecoach holdings_plc to acquire autocar connaisseur inc. , of montréal .
the parent of each of the connaisseur group of company be 3329003 canada , inc. , a noncarrier own by coach usa .
the field elm cultivar ulmus minor ' rugosa ' be distribute by the späth nursery , berlin , in the 1890s and early 1900 as " u. campestris rugosa " .
kirchner 's tree , like späth be a level - branched suberose field elm , be receive from belgium in 1864 as " ulmus rugosa pendula " .
kirchner stress that -pron- be different from loudon 's " ulmus montana " var .
" rugosa " , be " more likely to belong to " u. campestris " or -pron- subspecie , the cork - elm " .
green ( 1964 ) consider " ulmus rugosa pendula " a synonym of " u. campestris suberosa pendula " .
späth , however , list " u. campestris rugosa " and " u. campestris suberosa pendula " as distinct cultivar in -pron- 1903 catalogue , and distribute -pron- separately .
-pron- be not know whether herbarium leaf - specimen from the wageningen arboretum originally label " u procera " ' rugosa ' and rename " u. carpinifolia " ( 1962 ) show späth 's tree .
-pron- show , however , a different clone from herbarium_specimens label " ulmus hollandica " " rugosa pendula " from arnold_arboretum ( 1930 ) ( see ' external link ' ) .
neither kirchner 's nor späth 's suberose ' rugosa ' be to be confuse with the wych elm cultivar ' rugosa ' .
kirchner describe " ulmus rugosa pendula " as have small and glossy leaf , roundish ovoid and very rough , with the main branch spread horizontally or slightly inclined , and very corky , the side branch be thin , short and hanging .
späth describe -pron- " u. campestris rugosa " as a corky field elm with branch stand out horizontally .
no specimen of kirchner 's or späth 's suberose ' rugosa ' be know to survive .
one speciman of späth 's " u. campestris rugosa " be plant in 1898 at the dominion arboretum , ottawa , canada .
three specimen supply by the späth nursery to the royal_botanic_garden_nedinburgh in 1902 as " u. campestris rugosa " may survive in edinburgh as -pron- be the practice of the garden to distribute tree about the city ( viz .
the wentworth elm ) ; the current list of living accessions hold in the garden " per_se " do not list the plant .
category : transportation in phoenix , arizona
category : american revolutionary_war portal
evan sanders ( bear stevanus alexander ; november 8 , 1981 in biak , papua , indonesia ) be an actor and a singer .
-pron- be a vj for mtv indonesia .
in august 2008 -pron- release -pron- first solo album - unforgettable sebelah mata .
a song takkan terluka lagi be promote this album .
the new album be dua mata , new single "
once
in -pron- life " soundtrack
-pron- last love the movie .
jacques roger williams ( bear 25 april 1981 ) be an english - bear professional footballer who play for birmingham city in the football_league as a midfielder .
williams be bear in liverpool but grow up in france .
-pron- start -pron- football career in the youth system at bordeaux , and play for the bordeaux junior side which win the french under-18 championship .
at the age of 18 -pron- come to england together with fellow french youngster trésor luntala , and follow successful trial , both player join birmingham city on free transfer before the 1999–2000 season .
eligible to play international football for both england and france ,
williams represent england at under-18 level .
-pron- make -pron- first - team debut for birmingham in august 2000 , play one game in the league cup and then three division one game , but -pron- development be interrupt by the need for a hernia_operation .
though -pron- recover sufficiently to resume play reserve team football , score the goal which put the team into the semifinal of the birmingham senior cup ,
a spate of injury mean that those four game be all -pron- play for birmingham 's first team before be release when -pron- contract expire .
-pron- have a trial at crewe_alexandra , on the recommendation of former assistant manager brian_eastick , then academy director at birmingham ,
but no contract ensue .
-pron- join conference side scarborough for the 2003–04 season , but sustain a broken_rib and punctured_lung in only -pron- second game , complication from which mean a prolonged stay in hospital and three month out of football .
return in november 2003 , -pron- play a further ten league game ,
but be only an unused_substitute in the club 's fa_cup fourth round match against premier_league chelsea ,
despite score and hit the post in the precede league game .
-pron- then injure an ankle ,
and be release at the end of the season .
-pron- spend the 2005–06 season with belgian second division club excelsior virton for whom -pron- make three substitute appearance .
in august 2006 -pron- have a trial with brighton &_hove_albion_n, score a goal in an 11–0 rout of french amateur side racing club port du_havre ,
and make a promising substitute appearance in a 2–0 defeat against le_havre_ac_n,
but manager mark_mcghee decide against sign -pron- .
woman 's european water_polo championship
the 2006 women 's european water_polo championship be the eleventh edition of the now tri - annual event , organise by the europe 's governing_body in aquatic , the ligue européenne_de natation .
the event take place in the banjica sports center in belgrade , serbia from september 2 to september 9 , 2006 .
there be two qualification tournament ahead of the event , hold from april 7 to april 9 , 2006 in nancy , france ( with france , germany , great_britain and the netherlands compete ) and in madrid , spain ( czech_republic , greece , spain and ukraine ) .
builder 's tea be a british english colloquial term for a strong cup of tea .
-pron- take -pron- name from the inexpensive tea commonly drink by labourer take a break .
a builder 's tea be typically brew in a mug with a teabag ( as oppose to loose tealeaf in a teapot ) , with milk and sugar .
builder 's tea be typically robust and a rich brown colour .
the leaf be often brew for long than usual .
brand high in tannin , caffeine and assam leaf be better suit to builder 's tea .
the name be a reference to the many cup of tea consume on tea break by the building trade in the uk and ireland .
the term have widespread use throughout both ireland and the united_kingdom .
research from the social issues research centre find that people perform construction work find tea " both soothing and stimulating " .
william morris_endeavor entertainment llc , also know as william morris_endeavor , wme or wme - img , be an american talent agency with office in beverly_hills , california , united_states .
the company be found in april 2009 , after the merger of the william morris agency and the endeavor agency .
wme represent artist across all medium platform , specifically movie , television , music , theatre , digital and publishing .
-pron- also represent the nfl and nhl .
wme also own the ultimate_fighting_championship_nand miss_universe .
the company be run by co - ceos ari_emanuel and patrick whitesell .
as the entertainment industry evolve , so do wma , which soon expand into television , film , literature and music representation .
the endeavor_talent agency launch in 1995 , nearly 100 year after wma , grow rapidly to include client from every_facet of the entertainment industry .
by 2009 , endeavor be one of the fastest - grow hollywood talent agency , with " the new_york times " single out -pron- reputation for " quick thinking , ferocity and barely bridled ambition . "
on april 27 , 2009 , wma and the endeavor_talent agency announce that -pron- be form william morris_endeavor , or wme .
endeavor executive ari_emanuel and patrick whitesell be widely see as the architect of the merger and quickly become the co - ceo of wme .
in 2011 , emanuel be quote in a " financial times " profile about the company , say " -pron- build a culture where people be reward for take risk . "
emanuel and whitesell have implement several leadership strategy to boost the productivity of -pron- agent , most notably , the " farmhouse " training program .
follow the merger , wme move -pron- headquarters into the office of endeavor .
the company now take up several floor at 9601 wilshire_boulevard in the heart of beverly_hills .
additionally , wme have office in new_york , london , miami , and nashville .
since the merger , wme have grow to include several subsidiary company and expand division .
fortune " name co - ceos ari_emanuel and patrick whitesell to -pron- 2010 " businessperson of the year " list , acknowledge -pron- corporate growth strategy .
emanuel have previously be recognize as a 21st - century " super agent " by both " the wall_street_journal_n" and " the guardian " , as well as an " advertising_age " " influencer . "
shortly after the merger , wme help launch the investment group raine , which align the company with property like vice media and zumba_fitness .
in 2010 , wme partner with red interactive , give client access to an award - win digital advertising agency .
two year later , -pron- form an alliance with the social medium management firm theaudience , partner with digital entrepreneur sean parker and execute social campaign for property like the seth_macfarlane motion picture " ted " and the coachella_music festival .
2013 bring a strategic partnership between wme and creative music agency jingle_punks , which create , publish and license music .
wme be also an investor in the e - commerce platform opensky , which be name one of america 's " most_promising company " by " forbes " .
in 2013 , whitesell and emanuel be profile in " fast company " , highlight the company 's digital growth .
in july 2013 , wme acquire a minority stake in the global creative agency droga5 .
the partnership combine the companies’ advertising and entertainment resource , create new opportunity for -pron- collective client in the brand content and marketing space .
found by david_droga , droga5 be name " adweek ’s " 2012 agency of the year and oversee account for coca - cola , motorola and spotify .
describe the partnership , " the new_york times " write , " as consumer increasingly ignore traditional advertising and be bombard with a constant stream of content , both online and offline , advertiser have be force to find more compelling way to get -pron- attention .
wme could help provide the answer give -pron- substantial reach in television , publishing , music , film and theater . "
on december 18 , 2013 , wme and silver lake announce the acquisition of img for $ 2.4 billion .
wme ’s ari_emanuel and patrick whitesell will serve as co - ceo .
on january 21 , 2015 , -pron- be announce that wme have acquire global esports management ( gem ) , an international agency represent various esport and professional video game player and personality .
on september 14 , 2015 , wme acquire from donald_trump the miss_universe_organization_n, which produce the miss_universe , miss usa and miss_teen usa beauty_pageants and related content .
the organization sell television right to the pageant in other country .
financial detail be not disclose .
on september 23 -pron- be announce that wme / img would be partner with turner_broadcasting to create a televise esport league , the eleague .
on july 9 , 2016 , the ultimate_fighting_championship_nbe sell from zuffa , llc to a group lead by wme - img , -pron- owner silver lake partners , kohlberg_kravis_roberts_n, and msd_capital , for $ 4.2 billion , the large - ever acquisition in the sport industry ..
on august 22 , 2016 , wme acquire the literary agency rabineau wachter sanford & gillett ( rwsg ) ; -pron- co - founder , sylvie rabineau and jill holwager gillett , head a division of wme involve in the coordination of screen adaptation of literature .
on may 2 , 2012 , wme and silver lake , a technology - focus private_equity firm base in silicon_valley , sign an agreement for silver lake to acquire a 31 % minority stake in the agency .
a new executive committee , consist of co - ceos ari_emanuel and patrick whitesell and silver lake partners managing_director egon_durban , lead the company 's growth strategy and investment activity .
the silver lake deal draw the attention of several leading financial publication , include " forbes " , " the financial times " , " the new_york times " , and " the wall_street_journal_n" .
silver lake increase -pron- stake in wme to 51 % follow the acquisition of img_worldwide .
wme 's agent specialize in a broad variety of entertainment sector .
company division include talent , motion_pictures , scripted television , non - scripted television , music , literary , theatre , commercials , speakers , and branded lifestyle .
wme 's motion picture client represent a diverse mix of filmmaker , actor , writer and director .
wme represent artist from the scripted and non - script television space .
wme 's literary department be co - head by suzanne_gluck , eric_simonoff ,
and wme board member jennifer rudolph walsh .
in 2013 , client sheryl_sandberg release -pron- debut book , " lean in " , which top multiple bestseller_lists and sell 140,000 copy -pron- first week of publication .
the company 's literary department also help author branch out into medium like television and film , negotiate deal for book - to - screen adaptation .
wme 's uk literary department be head by simon_trewin .
wme 's theatre department represent actor , director , writer and choreographer .
-pron- also bring motion picture and television talent to the stage .
additionally , the department transition theatre client into new medium , help to break out tv and film talent and expand production into new format .
wme 's speakers division represent a selection of speaker from a wide_variety of field , include national and global affair , medium relation , business and economic , health and science , humor , and sport and motivation .
the lectures department also handle speak opportunity for client across all wme division .
wme 's commercials division help partner client with notable brand like at&t , apple , dior , samsung , gucci , mercedes , pepsi and absolut_vodka .
-pron- cover commercial , animation , non - perform public appearance , direct marketing , home shopping and tour sponsorship .
the department be also involve in client voiceover opportunity for commercial , animation and video game .
in 2007 , wme board member jon rosen launch the agency 's branded lifestyle group , which aim to build multiplatform business for personality and brand in all area of lifestyle entertainment .
client be able to successfully utilize cross multiple medium , include television , fashion , literature and consumer product .
wme digital represent talent and property in the digital space .
wme digital also lead the agency 's start - up investing practice .
in 2009 , the partner of william morris_endeavor form the wme foundation , which promote art and education to disadvantaged child .
client whose charity have benefit from the foundation 's service include charlize_theron , hank_azaria , usher , and alicia_keys .
in 2011 , the company create camp summer eagle and camp summer lion , which provide donation and activity for schoolchildren in compton , california and new_york city .
dub a " brain spa " by " the wall_street_journal_n" , wme have host an annual retreat for -pron- agent .
on november 15 , 2017 , actor terry crews state on " good_morning_america_n" that adam venit , head of wme 's motion picture department , have squeeze crews ' genital with -pron- hand at an industry party in february 2016 .
wme respond -pron- have suspend venit follow an internal investigation , on november 27 , 2017 -pron- be announce adam venit would return to work after a month 's unpaid leave .
on december 4 , 2017 lawyer act on behalf of terry crews file suit against wme and adam venit state "
-pron- be now time to hold venit accountable for -pron- sexual predatory behavior and to hold wme accountable for -pron- conduct in condone , ratify , and encourage venit ’s sexual predatory behavior , " .
marina_promenade be a park in singapore that link kallang riverside park in the north to esplanade - theatres on the bay in the south .
the entire park be situate on the western bank of the kallang basin and marina channel , along republic avenue and republic boulevard .
landmark along the park include the merdeka bridge , the benjamin_sheares_bridge_n, the singapore flyer and the helix bridge .
marina_promenade provide excellent scenery of the singapore skyline , the singapore sports hub as well as the marina bay sands .
the park be in close_proximity to promenade mrt_station and nicoll_highway mrt_station .
susanna boylston adams hall ( march 5 , 1708  – april 17 , 1797 ) be a prominent early - american socialite , mother of the second u.s. president , john adams and grandmother of the sixth president , john quincy_adams .
-pron- parent be peter boylston ( c. 1673–1743 ) and anne white ( 1685–1772 ) ; -pron- grandparent , dr. thomas boylston ( 1644–1695 ) and mary gardner ( 1648– ? ) and benjamin white ( ? –1722 ) and susanna cogswell ( 1656–1701 ) .
-pron- marry john adams , sr . in 1734 .
-pron- be among the least well know of the famous adams family , for -pron- name appear infrequently in the large body of adams writing .
historian david mccullough note that no writing of -pron- survive , though -pron- be know that other would often read to -pron- , suggest that -pron- may have be illiterate .
however , -pron- son 's diary reveal that -pron- have a fiery_temper .
john adams and susanna boylston adams have the follow child :
five year after the death of -pron- first husband , -pron- marry lt .
john hall , who apparently do not get along with -pron- grown child .
-pron- die around a month into -pron- son 's presidency .
psychic today be a satellite - base interactive television channel that offer direct access to psychic , medium , astrologer & tarot_readers .
psychic today give -pron- audience direct access to prediction and reading through various mean of live participation .
psychic today be the first and only dedicated psychic channel in the uk until 2009 when a new psychic channel call psychic and soul launch on sky .
the channel be establish in 2004 to respond to viewers’ question and comment , -pron- be originally launch as psychic tv but the name have to be withdraw because of the band of the same name .
in spring 2009 , psychic television relaunch with a new line - up of interactive show , which include : -pron- dream psychics and love zone .
the popular show psychic interactive be also relaunch with a new set of on - screen graphic and new music .
the channel -pron- also reveal a new on - screen identity .
2010 see some change to psychic television , include change to the psychic & presenter line - up .
on 15 november 2011 , psychic tv be rebrand as psychic today .
good_morning psychic offer early morning spiritual advice and prediction .
host by a presenter and a psychic , the programme tackle topic and theme relate to the psychic world .
across all the show , the viewer have three key way of interact ; phone , text or leave a caller comment .
good_morning psychic give the opportunity to receive a complimentary reading whilst provide a start to the day .
psychic interactive launch in 2004 on the game network as the first interactive psychic show in britain .
-pron- be psychic today ’s original format and the channel ’s flagship show .
the programme feature two psychic and one presenter as the host ( subject to change ) .
viewer be able to directly contact the programme in much the same way as good_morning psychic .
a variety of topic and subject be address , give the viewer influence over the direction of the live show .
psychic interactive broadcast on the game network .
in the past , psychic interactive have feature celebrity psychic such as david wells and inbaal .
since then , the channel have attempt to create -pron- own celebrity , with limited success .
psychic zone offer the same service to the psychic today viewership .
-pron- differ by focuss on an individual psychic , and showcas -pron- skill use pre - record footage .
this be interweave into the programme , demonstrate the psychic in -pron- element .
in addition , guest be invite into the studio to receive a live reading , to highlight a psychic ’s ability .
regular psychic appear on the new show include :
edward montagu - stuart - wortley - mackenzie , 1st earl of wharncliffe
edward montagu stuart granville montagu - stuart - wortley - mackenzie , 1st earl of wharncliffe ( 15 december 1827 – 13 may 1899 ) , be a british peer and railway executive .
a member of the stuart family head by the marquess of bute , wharncliffe be the eldest_son of john stuart - wortley - mackenzie , 2nd baron wharncliffe , and -pron- wife lady georgiana elizabeth , daughter of dudley ryder , 1st earl of harrowby , and succeed -pron- father in the barony in 1855 .
-pron- be chairman of manchester , sheffield and lincolnshire railway , which under -pron- leadership become the great central railway .
in 1876 -pron- be create viscount carlton , of carlton in the west riding in the county of york , and earl of wharncliffe , in the west riding of the county of york , with remainder to -pron- younger_brother the hon .
francis dudley stuart - wortley - mackenzie .
in 1880 -pron- assume by royal licence the additional surname of montagu .
lord wharncliffe marry lady susan charlotte , daughter of henry lascelles , 3rd earl of harewood , in 1855 .
-pron- have no child .
wharncliffe die in may 1899 , aged 71 , and be succeed ( in the viscountcy and earldom accord to the special remainder ) by -pron- nephew francis .
the countess of wharncliffe die in may 1927 .
1958 five nations championship
the 1958 five nations championship be the twenty - ninth series of the rugby union five nations championship .
include the previous incarnation as the home nations and five nations , this be the sixty - fourth series of the northern_hemisphere_rugby_nunion championship .
ten match be play between january 11 and april 19 .
-pron- be contest by england , france , ireland , scotland and wales .
the team involve be :
the big giant head be a fictional character from the american sitcom " 3rd rock from the sun " ; -pron- be the solomons ' mission leader and king of the galaxy .
-pron- be an unseen character at first , and even then very rarely refer to .
when harry express that -pron- be upset about not serve any useful purpose in the mission , the family reveal to -pron- that -pron- be modify to serve as the transmitter that relay message from the big giant head , from which point the character then " speak " through harry .
-pron- apparently get -pron- job by " outrun the fireball " .
though the solomons be subordinate to the big giant head , -pron- sometimes express dissatisfaction with -pron- leadership , with dick declare at one point that -pron- only get the job because -pron- " kiss the big giant butt . "
when the character do eventually appear on screen , -pron- be portray ( in human form ) by william_shatner , and do very little apart from wreak_havoc on the solomons ' life .
-pron- insist on be wait on hand and foot , and frequently interrupt dick 's physics class , pose as an associate of the solomons under the pseudonym " stone phillips " ( mrs. dubcek ask -pron- if -pron- be " like the guy from " dateline " " , to which " stone " answer , " no " ) .
-pron- eventually confess to be dick 's father , at which point , harry state that if dick be go to take over the big giant head , -pron- name would be dick head .
after land on the earth , stone ( the big giant head ) know very little about woman .
-pron- be very rude towards -pron- , -pron- decide to go along with tommy to -pron- junior prom , where -pron- meet vicki dubcek , who be try to hook up , since -pron- never have -pron- junior prom .
vicki be also try to get pregnant with harry 's child
but -pron- just have a break - up .
after " stone " beam -pron- up to -pron- " bachelor pod " for the night , vicki declare the next day that -pron- be pregnant by -pron- .
stone leave immediately , and about 2 hour later vicki deliver -pron- baby , whom -pron- name eric travis ( " et " ) .
after stone leave , vicki call a news reporter , say that -pron- be the mother of a new specie .
the reporter show up , but do not believe -pron- story , because the baby look like a normal human being .
stone later return , after -pron- decide that -pron- want to take -pron- son back to -pron- home planet but vicki refuse .
stone decide that -pron- have to make up with vicki in order to become a family .
unfortunately harry still have feeling for vicki , and be also try to win -pron- back .
however , at the ending of the episode harry decide that , since -pron- have a baby with stone , -pron- be good off become a family with stone .
stone tell vicki that -pron- and the solomons be alien and the two go off to the galaxy .
-pron- return to earth together one last time , at which point -pron- be reveal that vicki still have feeling for harry , and think -pron- make the wrong choice when -pron- leave earth with stone , because -pron- find -pron- marriage boring .
the solomons first meet the big giant head in person when -pron- arrive by plane at -pron- local airport , in an obviously agitated state .
when ask about -pron- flight , -pron- respond " horrifying , at first .
-pron- look out the window and ...
-pron- see something on the wing of the plane " , to which dick respond " the same thing happen to -pron- ! "
this be a double reference .
in an early episode , dick attempt to fly for the first time and be frightened when -pron- see something on the wing of the plane .
both reference be also to the twilight_zone story " nightmare at 20,000 foot " , which tell of a man on a commercial flight who be convince -pron- see a creature on the plane 's wing which no one else can see .
both william_shatner and john lithgow ( dick ) have previously play that twilight_zone character ; shatner play -pron- in the original 1963 tv series episode , and lithgow play -pron- in the .
wikipedia : article for deletion / aldo franchi
category : sports in phoenix , arizona
wikipedia : article for deletion / the gap ( book )
the be a home video game console make by epoch co. and release in japan on july 17 , 1984 , and in europe , specifically france , later in 1984 .
a successor to the cassette vision , -pron- be a third - generation console that compete with the nintendo_famicom and sega sg-1000 in japan .
epoch 's original cassette vision be introduce in japan by epoch in 1981 , which have steady sale and take over 70 % of the japanese home console market at the time , with around 400,000 unit sell .
however , the introduction of next - generation system from nintendo , casio and sega quickly push back the original cassette vision , lead epoch to quickly develop a successor .
the super cassette vision be release in 1984 , feature an 8-bit processor and good performance more in line with -pron- competitor .
-pron- be later release in france by itmc under the yeno brand .
at least 16 game be bring over from japan for a european release .
a version of the system target the young female market , the super lady cassette vision .
the console come pack in a pink carrying case , alongside the game milky princess .
the system do not take off , and be unable to match the massive popularity of the nintendo_famicom , lead epoch to drop out of the console market by 1987 .
portal : american revolutionary_war / selected event / layout
boylston
( january 26 , 1644 ) be a prominent early - american doctor and patriarch of the influential boylston family of massachusetts .
-pron- be the great - grandfather of u.s. president john adams , through -pron- granddaughter , susanna .
category : suspect wikipedia sockpuppet of neil.sherman
the door below be a collection of fantasy and horror and mystery short story by author hugh b. cave .
-pron- be release in 1997 by fedogan & bremer in an edition of 1,100 copy , of which 100 be sign by the author .
many of the story originally appear in the magazine " horror_stories " , " spicy mystery stories " , " detective fiction weekly " , " terror tales " , " fantasy tales " , " whisper " , " crypt of cthulhu " , " shudder stories " , " borderland " , " phantasm " and " alfred_hitchcock 's mystery magazine " .
wikipedia : article for deletion / christian polak
nancy a. henry ( bear november 15 , 1961 ) be an american poet .
nancy henry be bear chipley , florida in 1961 to j.f. and nancy j. henry , and spend -pron- early year in gainesville , florida .
-pron- graduate with a bachelor 's degree in political_science from st. andrews presbyterian college in 1982 .
-pron- move to maine in 1983 to attend the university of maine school of law , from which -pron- graduate with -pron- jd degree in 1986 .
henry be editor and publisher of cardinal flower journal , an online literary magazine feature writing and photography of rural new england .
-pron- be a former adjunct_instructor of english and humanities at central maine community_college , university of southern maine , thomas college , and southern maine community_college .
from 1986 to 2007 , -pron- be a practice attorney , work primarily in the area of child advocacy .
formerly , -pron- have serve as assistant attorney_general of the state of maine in the department of child_protection .
-pron- live in wenham , massachusetts with -pron- husband , physicist dr. harold persing .
the couple have three grown child .
henry be the author of three full - length collection of poetry : from sheltering pines press , " -pron- lady of let -pron-
all sing " ( 2007 , )
, " who -pron- be " ( 2008 , ) , and , from moon_pie press , " sarx " ( 2010 , ) .
-pron- be co - founder , with alice n. persons , of moon_pie press , and serve as co - editor from -pron- founding until 2005 .
henry be also the author of two chapbook from musclehead press , " anything can_happen " ( 2001 ) and " hard " ( 2003 ) ; two chapbook from moon_pie press , " eros ion " ( 2004 ) and " europe on $ 5 a day " ( 2005 , ) .
-pron- first chapbook , " brie fly " , be now out - of - print .
-pron- work have be anthologize in " grace notes " ( sheltering pines press , 2002 ) , " infini tea " ( sheltering pines press , 2004 ) ; " velvet avalanche " ( [ satjah projects ] , 2005 ) ; " fierce with reality " ( just write book , 2006 ) , and a sense of place , ( bay river press , 2002 , ) as well as the first moon_pie press anthology , " a moxie and a moon_pie " ( 2005 ) .
henry ’s poem have be feature by garrison_keillor on the writer 's almanac .
-pron- have be nominate four time for the pushcart_prize , and have serve as an associate editor of the literary journal " the café review " .
3/5 by les_savy_fav_n( current cover )
though this image be subject to copyright , -pron- use be cover by the u.s. fair use law because :
the pinnacle@duxton be an award - win 50-storey residential development in singapore 's city center , next to the business district .
the project feature the world 's two long sky garden of each , on both the 26th and 50th floor .
seven
connected tower be collectively the world 's tall public residential building .
unique amongst housing and development board ( hdb ) project , -pron- be the design winner of a worldwide competition which attract more than 200 entry .
residence be designate as special type , s1 and s2 , have altogether 35 different unit variation – with dissimilar combination of feature such as extended bay , balcony , bay window and planter area .
in addition , a view gallery on the 52nd storey provide for special event and vip state visitor .
on 8 august 2010 , prime_minister lee_hsien_loong_ndeliver -pron- annual national day message from the gallery .
owe to the sky garden ' popularity as an elevated view location for national day firework_displays on 9 august , entry for the day may be publicly ballot .
pinnacle@duxton be confer the 2010 good tall building ( asia and australasia ) award by the council on tall_buildings and urban habitat , as well as the 2011 urban land institute 's global awards for excellence .
the development have be feature in numerous local and foreign documentary , include discovery_channel 's " how -pron- invent the world : skyscrapers "
the duxton plain site be historically significant as the site of the first two ten - storey hdb block in the tanjong_pagar area and amongst the oldest build by the hdb in the country .
redevelopment of duxton plain be initiate by singapore 's found prime_minister , former minister mentor and tanjong_pagar 's member of parliament for 60 year , lee_kuan_yew_nin august 2001 .
to commemorate the historical_significance of the previous block .
an international architectural design competition be conduct by the urban_redevelopment_authority_non behalf of the ministry of national development between 8 august 2001 and 21 september 2001 .
the follow feature be require for entry into the competition :
to maximise innovation , the design brief and technical requirement be keep to a minimum , with mainly the mandatory requirement specify .
the competition be keenly_contested with 202 entry submit by design agency around the world .
-pron- be eventually win by two singapore architecture company , arc studio architecture + urbanism , in collaboration with rsp_architects planners & engineers ( pte ) ltd.
the win architect call -pron- design " sky house , fly green " with a goal of give resident simple and elegant solution from necessarily low - cost material .
the design ( which differ from what be actually construct ) consist of seven 48-storey tower block lay out in the shape of a hook on a 2.5-ha site and link by skybridge on the 26th and 50th storey .
the hdb do expressed_concern about several feature of the original design :
eventually , some feature be modify .
notably , one additional elevated observation and event room be add on the 52nd floor at tower 1c , likely for the purpose of catering to visit vip .
hdb set stringent standard for the construction , the design and finish require for the tender veer towards private housing standard .
unit at the pinnacle@duxton be also more fully_furnished than the average hdb project .
the design exceed standard of private condominium so much that -pron- cause concern amongst private developer regard -pron- future if public housing be develop in a similar manner .
the hdb have to reassure -pron- that this project be a one - off special residential development .
the pinnacle@duxton receive much publicity in the medium when -pron- be launch in may 2004 .
subsequently , the s$279-million construction contract be award to chip eng_seng corporation , the low of the bid submit .
the foundation be lay by mm lee .
fully pre - cast method be use during construction , which could be 10–15 per_cent more expensive than the traditional way of pump wet concrete all the way to the top .
pre - cast method involve transport mould component to the site and hoist -pron- up on to the structure .
the showflat be launch on 29 may 2004 when hdb release 528 unit under phase 1 of -pron- build - to - order system .
unit quickly become oversubscribed with the hdb receive more than a hundred enquiry by telephone and e - mail even before sale begin .
originally set to be launch in phase , the hdb subsequently decide to release all the unit for sale due to overwhelming response .
the pinnacle@duxton project hold the record for the high average price of new flat purchase directly from hdb , as well as the most expensive unit offer and purchase at $ 646,000 .
the key handing over ceremony be hold on 13 december 2009 , mark the completion of the project .
all seven building be link at the 26th and 50th floor by skybridge form a jog track and sky garden , a feature that be unique for public housing in singapore .
other facility include a food centre , daycare centre , underground car park and other sport and recreational facility .
buyer be able to choose -pron- flat 's layout from combination of balcony , planter_boxes and/or bay window .
also , the internal lightweight concrete wall can be easily remove and reconfigur by owner .
new fire safety regulation be also draw up by the singapore civil_defence force which involve the use of elevator during any evacuation .
the pinnacle@duxton be the first development to be affect by these regulation .
refugee floor and special firefighting point be also provide for under the new code .
report statistic of link alexboys.com ; 8 record .
coitoolbot report 8 link .
below a full report on all use of the link alexboys.com .
this list be intend to see how the get use , -pron- do not imply that involved account be have a in add the link , or that the involved account be the link .
1986–87 blackpool f.c. season
the 1986 - 87 season be blackpool f.c. 's 79th season ( 76th consecutive ) in the football_league .
-pron- compete in the 24-team division three , then the third tier of english league football , finish ninth .
paul stewart be the club 's top scorer , with 21 goal .
during the close season , on 26 july , the club celebrate -pron- centenary .
ralph joseph birkofer ( november 5 , 1908 – march 16 , 1971 ) be an american major_league baseball pitcher for the pittsburgh_pirates and brooklyn_dodgers .
-pron- two main pitch be a sink fastball and a curve .
portal : american revolutionary_war / select biography / layout
obesity in mexico be a relatively recent phenomenon , have be widespread since the 1980 with the introduction of process food into much of the mexican food market .
prior to that , dietary issue be limit to under and malnutrition , which be still a problem in various part of the country .
follow trend already ongoing in other part of the world , mexicans have be forego traditional whole_grains and vegetable in favor of a diet with more animal product , more fat , and more sugar much of which be a consequence of process food .
-pron- have see dietary energy intake and rate of overweight and obese people rise with seven out of ten at least overweight and a third clinically_obese .
until the late 20th century , dietary issue in mexico be solely a question of undernutrition or malnutrition , generally because of poverty and distribution issue .
for this reason , obesity be associate with wealth and health , the latter especially in child .
despite change in the mexican diet and food distribution , malnutrition still remain problematic in various part of the country .
by the 1980 , latin american population begin to experience widespread change in -pron- diet , away from produce and grain toward process food in a manner similar to what have previously occur in develop country .
the main reason for this shift be the dominance of transnational food company in the mexican market , follow a trend see in other part of the world .
this shift be toward the consumption of high - energy -sugar , -fat , and -salt food feature various type of sweetener and animal product and a decrease in whole_grains and vegetable .
animal protein replace vegetable , with a 50 % increase in prevalence from the 1960 to the 1990 .
the total cholesterol availability in mexico surpass the us guideline for daily intake , at over 300  mg per day , a result of the increased availability of saturated_fats .
the change be initially limit to more affluent urban group that could afford processed_foods and these group show an increase in health condition associate with this diet , include obesity .
these food be easy and less time - consume to prepare .
with easy access to fast food and supermarket , more affluent household also tend to buy more meat and less oil and grain , while poor urban household tend to choose food that exceed -pron- energy need and lack essential vitamin and mineral .
in a survey of 650 urban school lunch , none be grade as healthy and only one percent grade as adequate .
since the 1980s , rural diet that have consist primarily of vegetable and very little animal or saturated_fats have show decline in fruit and vegetable_intake .
in northern mexico , rural population who transition from -pron- traditional diet to more process diet also experience a dramatic increase in obesity and diabetes .
in addition to dietary change , modern life have also make the mexican population more sedentary .
traditional labor - intensive job in farming , factory and mining have give way to desk job .
in addition , most people use motorize transportation instead of walk or biking .
about 40 % of mexicans do not exercise .
since the 1980 , many study have be carry out intend to identify the one nutrient , food , or beverage that lead to weight gain and obesity .
sugar , fat , fast food , soft_drinks , and the list go on - all of -pron- be suspect of be the reason for the worldwide increase overweight and obesity rate and yet none of -pron- could essentially be make responsible .
however , the study do prove that " each of [ the examine dietary element ] be associate with either obesity or weight gain " ( drewnowski , 2007 ) .
furthermore , these element have one characteristic in common which be -pron- relative_inexpensiveness ( as oppose to fruit , vegetable , fresh juice etc . ) and also , -pron- be preferably buy by low - income consumer ( drewnowski ) .
a review of study ( dinsa et_al . ) analyze the association between socioeconomic_status ( ses ) and obesity among man , woman , and child in develop country find that in upper - middle - income country like mexico ( mexico be categorize as upper middle income ( the world bank ) and middle hdi ( undp ) ) obesity be highly prevalent .
middle - income and medium hdi country show a negative association between ses and obesity among woman , i.e. the prevalence of obesity rise with decrease income .
the negative association become even clear in country grow into the high - income category .
among man , result have be mix and the study on child all reveal a positive association between ses and obesity .
first , an explanation for the positive association among child could be a shift in free time activity base on -pron- family 's affluence , e.g. child of more affluent family be more likely to have access to and probably spend more time with play video game whereas child of less affluent family can not afford such luxury good and predominantly stick to more active free time activity and therefore have a high energy expenditure that compensate for -pron- energy intake .
second , the negative association among middle - income woman in consideration of the above - mention expensiveness of most healthy product raise the question of whether the easy access to unhealthy , energy - dense and less expensive food be the crucial point to explain the high prevalence of obesity in mexico ( dinsa et_al . ) .
what drewnowski describe as the " economic of food choice " be the fact that people have to manage -pron- often scarce resource in a way that all basic expenditure ( food , housing , clothing , school fee ) be cover .
consequently , the kind of food people consume also , or primarily , depend on food price ( dinsa et_al .
, drewnowski , lozada et_al . ) .
while energy - dense product , rich in sugar and fat , cost less in relation to the energy -pron- provide , low - energy healthy food like fruit and vegetable be more expensive in this respect ( drewnowski , 166 ) .
furthermore , fruit and vegetable be now twice as expensive than 20 year ago whereas the cost of add sugar and fat do not change ( drewnowski , 162 ) .
to sum up , " food , beverage , snack , or diet say to promote obesity [ be ] , in every case , inexpensive .
in contrast , more costly dietary_patterns [ be ] associate with leanness , weight maintenance , or great weight loss " ( drewnoski , 166 ) .
in conclusion , low - income can be see as an obstacle to a healthy diet as the consumption of " good " product may wear out the available budget .
another aspect that deserve attention be that people of low ses usually live in less secure neighborhood where walk around may present a danger .
in addition , these place in general do not show a lot of establishment that offer healthy food .
as a study conduct in new_york find , the " walkability " of one 's neighborhood and the lack of availability of healthy food establishment be also predictor of obesity ( muñez oliveira , 23 ) .
finally , although today mexico show a low level of undernourishment , many of the now young adult use to suffer from nutritional stunting in early life , which be also consider to increase the risk of become overweight or obese later in life ( food and agriculture_organization of the united_nations ) .
all in all , the socioeconomic factor as a determinant for food choice , living condition , and possible indicator of past undernourishment have be prove to be a predictor of obesity and weight gain .
therefore , future policy counter obesity should aim at increase the accessibility of healthy food alternative for the less affluent population , e.g. by subsidize fruit , vegetable and fiber - rich whole_grains .
however , the creation of consciousness about the importance of healthy eating and physical activity among the population , and particularly among child , remain an essential measure as well .
after the widespread introduction of processed_foods , obesity rate begin to rise in the country .
as of 2000 , individual dietary energy intake have be speculate to be approximately per day , 30 % more than in 1962 .
a 1999 survey find 24 % of mexican woman be obese and an addition 35 % be overweight ; 55 % man be either obese or overweight .
in a survey conduct by national health survey in 2000 , -pron- be find that the prevalence of obesity in the sample population be 67 % in woman and 61 % in man .
a similar survey in 2003 target obesity from rural , low - income community show that around 60 % of woman and 50 % of man be consider either overweight or obese with respect to the body_mass index .
by 2010 , seven out of ten mexicans be overweight with a third clinically_obese .
mexico rank the most obese country in the world in adult obesity ( as of 2013 ) , and first for childhood_obesity with about 4.5 million child diagnose as such .
mexico pass the united_states as the most obese country in the world .
the prevalence of overweight and obesity be 16.7 % in preschool child , 26.2 % in school child , and 30.9 % in adolescent .
for adult , the prevalence of overweight and obesity be 39.7 % and 29.9 % , respectively .
since the 1990 , fat have become the principal source of energy in the mexican diet and -pron- be assume that the consumption of highly process food will continue increase .
as a consequence , mexico have see the same kind of health issue that have affect other country with overweight population .
standardized mortality rate ( smr ) for diabetes , acute_myocardial_infarction_n( ami ) , and hypertension have increase dramatically .
as of 2012 , diabetes - associate with obesity - be the large single killer of mexicans .
economically , the rise obesity rate in mexico be also take a toll on -pron- health_care system .
accord to a study publish by cambridge university press , cost of treatment for obesity relate disease be project to grow from an estimate $ 806 million in 2010 to $ 1.2 billion in 2030 and $ 1.7 billion in 2050 .
recent effort have be make by the mexican government to address the issue of obesity as a reduction of 1 % in mean bmi would reduce the cost by $ 43 million in 2030 and $ 85 million in 2050 respectively .
through initiative that focus on the narrative of a healthier_lifestyle , the government aim to reduce the project obesity prevalence .
however , not much be know about the effectiveness of those program .
there have be effort to combat obesity in the country , with the federal government invest about seven percent of -pron- budget to various nutritional program .
both public and private money have be spend on various campaign aim at modern eating_habits .
mexico ’s government have create nutrition program , to deal with nutritional issue such as obesity ; especially in vulnerable people and low - income sector .
these include food distribution among low - income community , micronutrient_supplementation , and fortification of food .
all of this be make to fight the deficiency of vitamin and mineral .
some program , as the distribution one , try to achieve the objective by dispense food coupon on marginalize community .
one of these initiative be implement by the mexican institute of social_security ( imss ) .
this program be know as " preven - imss " ( prevent - imss ) .
-pron- integrate nutritional and physical activity as component , to combat diabete , obesity , and high blood pressure .
another government initiative be with mexico ’s health ministry call " oportunidades " ( opportunity ) and " liconsa " .
opportunidade have the aim to support low - income and extremely poor family with health service and food .
this be reach by offer nutrition education with which family can develop -pron- capacity to sustenance health and nutrition care .
in 2008 , the mexican secretariat of health and pepsico launch a health campaign for child .
the program be aim at elementary school - age child and encourage active participation in exercise activity and adopt a healthy lifestyle by use a computer game .
in this game , the " nutrin , " as the figure be call , need help make decision on what food to eat , what sport to play , and when -pron- should go to the doctor for a check - up .
" wrestling vs obesity " be a campaign to promote to wrestling ( lucha_libre ) fan to have an active way of life take advantage of one of the most popular sport of mexico .
this campaign span from august 5 to november 19 of 2012 in mexico city , state of mexico , hidalgo , puebla , tamaulipas , san_luis_potosí_n, guanajuato and morelos . "
el elegio " ( a mexican wrestler ) be the official image for this campaign .
-pron- appear in a pre - fight video talk about obesity and how to avoid -pron- .
during these event , both health / nutrition information be distribute along with application form for government health_care .
voit , a sport brand , with the cooperation of the mexican football_federation and the health secretary of mexico , release a new campaign with the name of " measure -pron- and activate " .
for this campaign voit produce a special orange match ball with the name of " xacte midete 2012 " ( measure -pron- exactly 2012 ) for professional football game in mexico .
this new ball be aim at promote the sport in child and reduce childhood_obesity .
decio_de maria serrano , the president of the mexican soccer_federation , say : " -pron- be excited with this new campaign .
all the people that be involve in this amazing sport have to contribute to combat_childhood_obesity_n-pron- be a big responsibility because -pron- be a big problem in this country .
( mexico )
-pron- be a task that deserve support "
congress 's low house of congress pass a special tax on junk food that be see as potentially the broad of -pron- kind , part of an ambitious mexican government effort to contain runaway rate of obesity and diabetes .
the house pass the propose measure to charge a 5 % tax on package food that contain or more per 100 gram , on ground that such high - energy item typically contain large amount of salt and sugar and few essential_nutrients .
subsequent study have indicate that the one peso per liter tax rate have only lead to a small reduction in soft_drink consumption , and the fall in calorie consumption be describe as " nothing compare to the drop in calorie people need to consume in order to not be obese " .
the effectiveness of the tax on junk food be subject to debate .
category : airport in the palestinian territory
the atkins – travis traveling show
the atkins - travis traveling show be the title of a recording by guitarist chet_atkins and merle_travis , release in 1974 .
the two musical legend team up on 11 song , earn the 1974 grammy_award for good country_instrumental_performance_n.
rehearse in nashville , this album be record in california .
write for allmusic , critic richie_unterberger write of the album " -pron- be a refreshingly plain production for a time when the country scene in which atkins and travis have start as youngster be get pretty slick .
at the same time , there be a lack of ambition to the endeavor that make -pron- a secondary curiosity in both man 's catalog , and certainly not one of the top place to start as showcase for -pron- formidable ability . "
1987–88 blackpool f.c. season
the 1987–88 season be blackpool f.c. 's 80th season ( 77th consecutive ) in the football_league .
-pron- compete in the 24-team division three , then the third tier of english league football , finish tenth .
mark taylor be the club 's top scorer , with 23 goal ( 21 in the league and two in the fa_cup ) .
the follow player partook in the squad photo before the season 's commencement : john deary , andy mcateer , colin methven , richard powell , tony cunningham , barry siddall , paul jones , neil matthews , mark bradshaw , mike davies , mark taylor , craig madden , steve morgan , mike walsh , keith walwyn , brian butler , carl lancashire and alan mayes .
tennessee and pacific railroad
the tennessee and pacific_railroad be a 19th - century american company that operate a rail line from lebanon , tennessee , to nashville , tennessee .
the state of tennessee charter the railroad on may 24 , 1866 .
the original plan be to build a line from knoxville eastward through lebanon , nashville , and memphis to jackson , mississippi , where -pron- would interconnect with westward - lead railroad to the pacific coast .
haul coal from the nearby cumberland mountains to western market be an important intend source of operation income , as well as from passenger service and produce and freight haul .
among the early investor and executive be former confederate general george maney , who would serve for nine year as the president of the tennessee & pacific , start in 1868 when -pron- succeed the late james d. b. debow , the well know publisher of " debow 's review " .
plague by difficulty in raise enough financing , the company finally begin construction in june 1869 of the 29-mile line between lebanon and nashville .
fund be generate to commission the rogers locomotive and machine_works to manufacture two 4 - 4 - 0 locomotive for the new t&p , which be deliver in 1870 .
these be name the " wilson county " and the " j.d.b. debow . "
the segment open in september 1871 in time to convey passenger to the wilson county fair .
headquartered in lebanon , the fledgling railroad erect a sprawling victorian - style passenger and freight station , combine with the general office .
major cargo from local farmer include lumber , butter , flour , and other agricultural product which be ship to market in nashville , where another station house be erect in 1872 .
however , the financial problem resurface and management could not repay the railroad company 's debt .
in 1877 , the state revoke the charter and seize the tennessee & pacific .
the company and -pron- asset be sell on march 1 to the nashville , chattanooga and st._louis railway .
the t&p stay in operation under -pron- old name until 1888 , when -pron- become the nc&stl lebanon branch .
passenger service continue on the old line until 1935 , when the last train depart lebanon .
same modus operati as previous sock
new sock open a day after previous 4 sock be ban ▪ ◦
▪ 14:09 , 31 march 2008 ( utc )
this seem pretty plain to -pron- , just look at the name ! ! ? ? ! !
16:40 , 1 april 2008
( utc )
block and tag .
•
• 17:54 , 3 april 2008 ( utc )
category : television station in phoenix , arizona
wikipedia : article for deletion / zabala vineyard
:
the_cat and the cobra cover.jpg
matt lewis be a political writer , conservative_pundit , blogger and columnist for " the daily_beast " , formerly with " the daily_caller " , and have write for " the week " .
-pron- have also appear on cnn as a political commentator .
lewis be raise in myersville , maryland .
-pron- be educate at middletown high_school , a public high school in middletown , maryland , follow by shepherd university in shepherdstown , west_virginia and be base in alexandria , virginia .
as a writer , lewis have contribute to townhall.com , aol 's politicsdaily.com , " human event " and " the daily_caller " .
in -pron- early career , lewis serve as director of grassroot for the leadership institute , a nonprofit conservative training organization , for which -pron- organize and lead workshop around the united_states .
in march 2007 , lewis be one of two blogger invite on john mccain 's campaign tour bus on a visit to new_hampshire for an interview with the candidate .
that september , former speaker of the house newt_gingrich acknowledge in an interview with lewis that -pron- be consider a presidential run .
lewis be the editor of " the quotable rogue : the ideal of sarah_palin in her_own_words_n" , publish in 2011 .
lewis be select as a " rising_star of politics " by " politics magazine " in 2002 and by the american conservative union as " blogger of the year " in 2012 .
lewis ' book "
too dumb to fail : how the gop betray the reagan revolution to win elections ( and how -pron- can reclaim -pron- conservative root ) " be publish in january 2016 , receive attention from " the new_york times , " " the weekly_standard " , and other publication .
lewis be a frequent commentator on cable television and radio , have appear as a political commentator " from the right " for cnn in 2016 , and have appear multiple time on " real_time with bill_maher . "
since february 2009 , -pron- have represent the conservative viewpoint on bloggingheads.tv 's weekly discussion of u.s. politic , opposite bill scher .
this picture be authorize for use on wikipedia by the ambulance_service of manchester .
for inquiry , please call ( 860 ) 649 - 8900
file : rome ( write upside down ) cover.jpg
by les_savy_fav
though this image be subject to copyright , -pron- use be cover by the u.s. fair use law because :
benjamin caldwell cantwell ( april 13 , 1902 – december 4 , 1962 ) be an american major league baseball pitcher from 1927 to 1937 .
-pron- be bear in milan , tennessee , and be a graduate of the university of tennessee .
-pron- die , aged 60 , in salem , missouri .
ray smith ( 1 may 1936 – 15 december 1991 ) be a welsh actor who play the tough - talk police chief , detective_superintendent gordon spikings , in the television series " dempsey and makepeace " .
-pron- be the first actor to play brother_cadfael for bbc radio .
smith be bear in trealaw in the rhondda valley , but live for most of -pron- adult life in dinas_powys .
-pron- become interested in act while -pron- be at school , and be determine not to become a miner like -pron- father , who have be kill in a pit accident when smith be only three year old .
after leave school smith become a builder 's labourer .
follow national service in the army , -pron- begin act professionally at the prince of wales theatre in cardiff , then join the swansea grand theatre as an assistant stage manager .
-pron- later move to london , where -pron- spend a year unemployed before -pron- land a part in a play about the hungarian uprising .
smith make -pron- television debut in " shadows of heroes " in 1959 , and then -pron- appearance in series such as " z - car " and " a family at war " make -pron- known to the public .
-pron- also appear as detective_inspector percy firbank in " public eye " , a role -pron- start play in 1971 .
two year later come one of -pron- most famous role , as george barraclough in " sam " , one of granada television 's drama series set in northern england .
ray smith die at the age of 55 in the lounge of llandough_hospital after a major heart attack .
-pron- have be shoot one of -pron- last scene in the television adaptation of kingsley_amis 's novel " the old devils " when -pron- be take ill on location in newport .
an onscreen credit dedicate the series " the old devils " to -pron- memory , and -pron- performance in -pron- win -pron- a posthumous bafta_cymru award ( best_actor ) in 1992 .
-pron- son be the musician huw justin smith , better know as pepsi tate .
1988–89 blackpool f.c. season
the 1988 - 89 season be blackpool f.c. 's 81st season ( 78th consecutive ) in the football_league .
-pron- compete in the 24-team division three , then the third tier of english league football , finish nineteenth .
andy garner be the club 's top scorer , with fifteen goal ( eleven in the league , two in the fa_cup and two in the league cup ) .
ingmar be a scandinavian give name and be a composite of " ing " , possibly a norse_god , and " mar " , mean " famous " .
the name element " ing " be also find in ingvar , ingolf , ingeborg , and other name .
-pron- name day be june 3 .
see also ingemar .
ingmar may refer to :
pueblo_nuevo district may refer to :
travis mcgowan ( bear 13 january 1981 in mildura , victoria ) be an australian speedway rider .
mcgowan start race motorbike the age of ten , and in 1993 -pron- win the australian under-16 championship at darwin 's northline speedway .
success continue as -pron- win the australian under-21 speedway championship in 1998 , 2000 and 2002 , as well as take five consecutive victory in the victorian state championship between 2001 and 2005 .
by win the victorian title five time in a row , mcgowan break the record of four straight win previously hold by mildura speedway legend phil crump ( 1972 - 1975 , 1979 - 1982 ) and leigh adams ( 1989 - 1992 ) .
in 1999 mcgowan be offer a team spot for the king 's lynn stars in the british elite league .
-pron- remain in the team for the follow season but return to australia in 2001 .
-pron- return to king 's lynn in 2002 before move to the oxford cheetahs in 2003 .
in 2006 -pron- switch to the reading bulldogs , where -pron- remain for two year before transfer to the swindon_robins in 2008 .
aside from -pron- racing in the british elite league , mcgowan have also ride for the swedish elitersien team rospiggarna ( 2006–2008 ) and the polish ekstraliga club unia leszno ( 2007–2008 ) .
in 2010 mcgowan sign for premier_league team glasgow tigers .
in 2011 , mcgowan ride for premier_league team somerset rebels , however -pron- be later release by the club .
travis have since go on to pioneer the australian shovelhead racing league ( asrl ) .
after retire from speedway but still with a desire to race , travis found the australian shovelhead racing league .
the first official race take place in albury ( victoria ) in 2015 .
the racing be perform on a speedway or other oval track over 4 lap .
motorcycle must be a harley_davidson build between 1966 - 1983 .
if any other sort of motorcycle be include so as to make up a full racing field -pron- will have appropriate handicap assign .
the first race meeting in albury be under light with a good crowd in attendance .
file : autism the musical poster.jpg
the image be of a poster from this link release by the copyright_holders in connection with the movie 's presentation at the newport film_festival in newport , r.i. , in june 2007 as describe in the may 17 , 2007 issue of autism bulletin .
peter gitelman ( russian : петр семенович гительман ; bear may 29 , 1917 , in glusk , belarus ; die march 10 , 2008 , in montreal ) be a red army senior_sergeant who take part in the battle of stalingrad during world_war_ii_n.
-pron- be one of five child in a roving photographer 's family .
-pron- go to ukraine to learn a trade and before the war work in kiev as an electrical_engineer .
when -pron- try to enlist in the soviet air_force , -pron- be reject because -pron- have impaired vision in -pron- left eye .
after the germans attack russia in 1941 , gitelman enlist in the red army .
when stalingrad be attack , gitelman be send to work as a technician in soviet 833rd field hospital .
-pron- be in stalingrad that -pron- meet -pron- wife , elena gritsenko , a nurse work in the same field hospital .
-pron- marry in 1945 and -pron- take part in the prague offensive , the last major battle of the war .
-pron- be decorate for bravery follow the soviet offensive against the germans that claim more than one million life during the winter campaign of 1942 - 1943 .
-pron- be award the soviet order of the patriotic war,1st class and give medal for take part in the liberation of prague , the defence of stalingrad and the soviet victory medal for distinguished military service .
on 8 march 1945 -pron- be award the medal for battle merit .
-pron- be a radiographer .
after the war , -pron- return to kiev and do hospital work until -pron- be well into -pron- 70 .
on 21 february 1987 -pron- receive the order of the patriotic_war 2nd class .
in 1992 , after the collapse of the soviet_union , -pron- emigrate to canada as a refugee .
-pron- become a canadian citizen , but the canadian government do not recognize -pron- military service record , and do not consider -pron- a war veteran .
" canada , -pron- think , have forget that russians and canadian soldier be ally during the war , fight the same enemy . "
" red army veteran live in canada create -pron- own association , but -pron- be little more than a kitchen club .
although -pron- be invite several time to the russian embassy to take part in anniversary_celebrations , -pron- be ignore by the canadian department of veterans affair . "
gitelman die of complication follow hip surgery , at the age of 90 , on march 10 , 2008 at st. mary 's hospital , in montreal .
category : latvian people of ukrainian descent
dwbe , operate as radyo_natin 107.9 , be a music fm_radio station own by manila broadcasting company in the philippines .
the station 's studio be locate at balanga , bataan .
1989–90 blackpool f.c. season
the 1989–90 season be blackpool f.c. 's 82nd season ( 79th consecutive ) in the football_league .
-pron- compete in the 24-team division three , then the third tier of english league football , finish second - bottom .
as a result , -pron- be relegate to the league 's basement division .
jimmy mullen replace sam ellis as manager prior to the start of the season .
-pron- be to be -pron- only season in charge of the club .
blackpool have a prolonged run in the fa_cup , eventually succumb to queens park rangers after two fifth - round replay .
andy garner be the club 's top scorer for the second consecutive season , with ten goal ( eight in the league , one in the fa_cup and one in the league cup ) .
.
bristol_rovers ( p )
46 15 8 0
14 11 7 5 28 21 93
kansas_city steak company
kansas_city steak company base in kansas_city , kansas , manufacture and market premium beef ( include usda prime beef ) , poultry , seafood , and other food for foodservice and home delivery .
kansas_city steak company be found by giovanni scavuzzo during the great_depression .
-pron- open the s&s meat company butcher_shop in 1932 with son santo , edward and carlo .
the retail store operate for nearly 50 year .
in 1980 , the family decide to focus entirely on foodservice , deliver meat to hotel and restaurant around the kansas_city , missouri area .
when ed scavuzzo , great - grandson of the company 's founder , join the business in 1984 , -pron- focus on a new venture : a mail order catalog .
capitalize on kansas_city ’s reputation for premier steak , -pron- call the mail order portion of the business kansas_city steak co.
the catalog business grow during the 1980 but only account for 8 - 10 percent of the company ’s revenue .
in 1995 , kansas_city steak company sign a deal with televise home shopping channel qvc .
today , manage by david grosenheider ( president , consumer division ) , the kansas_city steak company distribute meat product to restaurant across the united_states and deliver package gourmet product nationwide .
kansas_city steak company use midwestern corn - feed beef to create and sell filet_mignon , kansas_city strip , top sirloin , t - bone , porterhouse and ribeye_steaks , beef_roasts and steakburger .
the company 's offering include -pron- private stock line of usda prime beef and american style kobe_beef .
a selection of poultry , pork , seafood and dessert complete the company 's product offering .
category : list of writer by award
category : history of phoenix , arizona
portal : trains / do -pron- know / april 2008
category : neighborhood in phoenix , arizona
chet_atkins picks on jerry reed
chet_atkins picks on jerry reed be an album of instrumental guitar version of ten jerry reed composition perform primarily by american guitarist_chet_atkins_n( two song with reed ) , release in 1974 .
atkins play guitar for the ten jerry reed song .
the version of " steeplechase lane " find here be different to that previously record on " yestergroovin " ' .
although the two guitarist be picture on the original cover , jerry perform on only two song : " squirrely " and " mister lucky " .
" chet_atkins picks on jerry reed " have be out of print in recent year and have not be re - release on cd .
write for allmusic , critic richard_s._ginell_nwrite of the album " all of these tune give atkins plenty of room to display some fancy fingerpicking , classical technique , and even a bit of gentle sustained rock guitar on -pron- instrument ...
since the vast_majority of country album then be consider disposable good by the nashville machine , this -- like many a fine atkins record -- will be difficult to locate . "
all song write by jerry reed .
wedgewood village amusement park
wedgewood village amusement_park be an amusement_park in oklahoma city , oklahoma .
-pron- be originally start in 1955 by maurice woods and locate at may and 63rd , where -pron- be know as duffys golf .
maurice start to notice that wife and child be sit in -pron- car while -pron- husband use the driving range .
thus , the idea be to place a few kiddie_rides to keep -pron- occupy .
the ride become so popular that maurice decide to acquire the land at 63rd and n.w. expressway .
here -pron- build wedgewood village ( name after the idea of a wedge and wood golf club ) .
this take place in 1958 and last until 1969 .
most of the ride be sell after the 1968 season .
the park sport a number of ride , most notably the tornado coaster .
the tornado be a wooden_roller_coaster_nbuild and design by john c. allen and the philadelphia_toboggan company .
the coaster be build in 1961 , and enlarge from -pron- original 58 feet_tall to 75 feet_tall for the 1962 season .
after 1962 , the lift hill lead directly into a turn before the first drop , and a new high turn be add at the station end , with the rest of the ride maintain -pron- pre - expansion configuration the train be now operate at stricker 's grove in ohio on a roller_coaster also call the tornado .
maurice woods die in july 2008 .
-pron- be work on a coffee table wedgewood book at the time .
the olympic regulation size pool be still in existence and the wedgewood apartments have now be build around -pron- .
james kendrick lindsey ( bear january 24 , 1898 , in greensburg , louisiana ; die october 25 , 1963 in jackson , louisiana ) be an american major_league baseball pitcher from 1922 to 1937 .
-pron- help the cardinals win the 1930 national league_pennant and win the 1931 world_series and 1934 world_series .
in 9 season lindsey have a 21–20 win – loss record , 177 games , 20 games start , 5 complete games , 1 shutout , 80 games finish , 19 saves , 431 innings_pitched , 507 hits , 261 run , 225 earned_runs , 25 home run
allowed , 176 walks allowed , 175 strikeout , 12 hit batsmen , 9 wild pitches , 1,943 batters faced , 3 balks and a 4.70 era .
in 1938 , -pron- be one of three manager of the dayton ducks of the middle atlantic league .
-pron- die in jackson , louisiana at the age of 65 .
category : geography of phoenix , arizona
yvonne de knops ( 1896 in brussels – 1930 in genoa ) , better know by -pron- stage name yvonne george , be a belgian singer and feminist actress .
george start -pron- artistic career on the stage , where -pron- befriend jean_cocteau , but gravitate especially toward a repertoire of old song with realist theme .
paul franck , director of the paris olympia , discover george in the 1920s in a brussels cabaret .
george debut at the olympia in 1922 , singer -pron- famous " nous iron à valparaiso ( -pron- will go to valparaiso ) " and " good bye farewell " .
a certain high - minded section of the public do not appreciate the refrain of this song ; george already achieve a polemical success , criticise by this section of the public which would be hostile to -pron- intellectualism and emancipation throughout -pron- career .
yvonne george move into a ground - floor apartment in neuilly with desirable decor , where -pron- receive many artist and man of letter .
in 1924 , well know in parisian intellectual circle as a charming singer , george become the subject of a passionate love affair with the french poet robert_desnos , who write -pron- numerous poem include the famous " j'ai tant rêvé de toi ( -pron- have dream so much about -pron- ) " .
desno initiate -pron- into take opium .
-pron- be in this period that desnos also write -pron- novel " la_liberté ou l'amour ( freedom or love ) " , a work which would be condemn for obscenity by the " tribunal de_la seine " .
george 's performance style be consider as embody the principle of the french realist song .
-pron- leave a very small posterity to the public at large .
-pron- musical repertoire contain some 200 song , but -pron- record very few .
21 recording be make , of which only 16 survive , some of which be repeat of each other .
the theme of the song , however , and -pron- manner of interpretation with a troubled , broken voice , be to influence other singing and speak performer such as the french singer barbara .
yvonne george participate in the progress of female emancipation in the inter - war period .
weaken by the excess of -pron- lifestyle and especially -pron- drug habit , george fall ill with tuberculosis .
follow ineffective treatment , -pron- die in a hotel room near the port of genoa on 22 april 1930 , aged 33 .
2008 eastern league season
the 2008 eastern league season begin on april 3 and the regular season end on september 1 .
the all_star game be play on july 16 at merchantsauto.com_stadium in manchester , new_hampshire .
the playoffs begin on september 3 with the divisional series .
the akron_aeros defeat the bowie_baysox in the southern division championship series and the trenton_thunder defeat the portland_sea_dogs_nin the northern division championship series .
the trenton_thunder defeat the akron_aeros to win the eastern league championship series .
april 3 be the opening_day of the 2008 eastern league season .
the following game be schedule .
the 2008 eastern league all - star game be the 6th midseason exhibition between the all - star of the northern division and the southern division , the two division comprise the eastern league .
the game be play on july 16 , 2008 at merchantsauto.com_stadium in manchester , new_hampshire , home of the new_hampshire fisher_cats of the northern division .
the north all - star defeat the south all - star , 5–3 .
the trenton_thunder defeat the portland_sea_dogs_nin the northern division playoff 3 game to 0 .
the akron_aeros defeat the bowie_baysox in the southern division playoff 3 game to 1 .
the akron_aeros win -pron- fourth consecutive southern division championship in a row and four of the last five year
for the second straight season , the trenton_thunder defeat the akron_aeros in the elcs 3 game to 1 .
socrates be a mnemonic acronym use by emergency medical service , doctor , nurse and other health professional to evaluate the nature of pain that a patient be experience .
the acronym be use to gain an insight into the patient 's condition , and to allow the health_care provider to develop a plan for deal with -pron- .
1992–93 blackpool f.c. season
the 1992 - 93 season be blackpool f.c. 's 85th season ( 82nd consecutive ) in the football_league .
-pron- compete in the 24-team division two , then the third tier of english league football ( after the formation of the new premier_league ) , finish eighteenth .
-pron- be billy ayre 's second full season as manager .
david_eyres be the club 's top league goalscorer , with sixteen goal .
hartlepool united set a new english football record of thirteen consecutive game without score a goal .
the streak end when -pron- visit bloomfield road for a league match on 6 march .
mv " logos_hope be operate by the german christian charitable organization gba ships e .
( gute bücher für alle , ) .
build in 1973 as the ferry_mv " gustav_vasa for service between malmö ( sweden ) and travemünde ( germany ) , -pron- later operate as the mv " norröna " provide a ferry service to the faroe_islands .
as the fourth ship operate by the organisation , the mv " logos_hope " follow in the line of mv " logos " , the wreck hulk of which now sit on a rock shelf on the chilean coast , mv " logos ii " which be retire in the fall of 2008 and which " logos_hope " be design to replace , and mv " doulos " which be sell to a company in singapore in 2009 .
twice as big as any previous ship operate by the organisation , the ship be completely refit over a period of 5 year . "
logos_hope " provide a good quality of life for crew as well as a wide range of activity for visitor and guest .
the newly create logos_hope experience ( which be situate on a deck that be instal into the original ferry ’s car area ) hold up to 800 visitor at any time , with capacity to host an additional 500 in the hope theatre and logos lounge .
this publicly accessible deck offer visitor an introduction to the vessel and the organisation , a book fair feature over 5,000 different title of educational and christian book , a visual presentation call the journey of life , which be base on the story of the " prodigal_son " , and the international cafe .
the all volunteer crew and staff of 400 people , represent over 60 different country .
unlike the crew during -pron- original use as a car ferry , crew and staff normally join the organisation to live on board for two year as volunteer .
" logos_hope " generally visit port for two week and be continually sail from port to port year round .
since the launch into active service in february 2009 , -pron- have be in several region : northern europe , the caribbean , west africa , the mediterranean , the arabian_peninsula , and most recently south asia .
future schedule information be available on the website .
and have have a celebrity on the boat .
allotey
in 1973 the ship be commission as the car ferry " gustav_vasa " run between malmö ( sweden ) and travemünde ( germany ) , a route -pron- run for 10 year .
in april 1983 -pron- be sell to the faroese ferry company smyril_line and rename " norröna " .
sailing from tórshavn , the faroese capital , to lerwick ( shetland_islands ) , bergen ( norway ) , hanstholm ( denmark ) and seyðisfjörður ( iceland ) each summer , -pron- be often charter in the winter to cover other operators’ overhaul schedule .
when smyril_line deliver a new " norröna " in 2003 , the old vessel become " norröna -pron- " and be put up for sale .
after much deliberation , inspection and prayer , the current owner purchase the vessel in march 2004 .
category : company base in phoenix , arizona
the extra_mile endurathon ( eme ) be an endurance marathon create by german philanthropist alexander skora , in which participant must walk through a designate racecourse for as long as -pron- can .
whoever walk for the long amount of time , win the competition .
the eme be organize by skora 's company , global games group , and -pron- usually take place in capital city and other important metropolis in different country around the world , with -pron- racecourse often locate in -pron- busy area .
the first competition take place in berlin , germany on september 1 , 2007 .
twenty people participate and walk through popular area of the city , such as the olympic stadium , the tiergarten , the brandenburger_tor and potsdamer_platz .
the winner of the competition be mark peus , a pilot for lufthansa , who walk non stop for 36 hour .
the fourth competition take place on november 30 , 2007 in buenos_aires , argentina .
50 contestant start the race in front of the estadio_monumental antonio vespucio liberti soccer stadium and walk day and night through downtown buenos_aires .
as the day go by and few people keep walk , the event become a medium sensation and by -pron- third day the remain competitor have become instant celebrity .
people would ask -pron- for autograph , take picture with -pron- or show support from balcony and car .
by -pron- fourth day , the eme be feature on the cover of clarin , argentina 's big selling newspaper .
after 102 hour of walking , only two contestant be leave .
marcelo muzyka and ivan lamas be walk side by side , and be willing to keep go for as long as -pron- leg could move .
after careful_consideration , the organization decide -pron- sacrifice have be important enough and declare a technical tie .
both be award with a first prize and a plane ticket to participate in the next eme edition in the united_states .
typical application of mausezahn include :
mausezahn allow send an arbitrary sequence of byte directly out of the network interface card .
integrate
packet builder provide a simple command line interface for more complicated packet .
since version 0.38 , mausezahn offer a multi - threaded mode with cisco - style command line interface .
as of version 0.38 mausezahn support the follow feature :
mausezahn only send exactly the packet the user have specify .
therefore , -pron- be rather less suited for vulnerability audits where additional algorithm be require to detect open port behind a firewall and to automatically evade intrusion_detection_systems_n( ids ) .
however , a network administrator could implement audit routine via a script that utilize mausezahn for create the actual packet .
mausezahn currently run only on linux system and there be no plan to port -pron- to the windows operate system .
a knelson_concentrator be a type of gravity concentration apparatus , predominantly use in the gold mining industry .
-pron- be use for the recovery of fine particle of free gold , mean gold that do not require gold cyanidation for recovery .
the machine utilise the principle of a centrifuge to enhance the gravitational force experience by feed particle to effect separation base on particle density .
the key component of the unit be a cone_shaped " concentrate " bowl , rotate at high speed by an electric_motor and a pressurized water jacket encompass the bowl .
feed material , typically from a ball mill discharge or cyclone
underflow bleed , be feed as a slurry toward the centre of the bowl from above .
the feed slurry contact the base plate of the vessel and , due to -pron- rotation , be thrust outward .
the outer extremity of the concentrate bowl house a series of rib and between each pair of rib be a groove .
during operation the light material flow upward over the groove and heavy mineral particle ( usually of economic value ) become trap within -pron- .
pressurized water be inject through a series of tangential water inlet along the perimeter of each groove to maintain a fluidized_bed of particle in which heavy mineral particle can be efficiently concentrate .
the knelson_concentrator typically operate as a batch process , with light gangue material be continuously discharge via overflow and a heavy mineral concentrate periodically remove by flush the bowl with water .
the first knelson_concentrator be develop by byron knelson in 1978 .
knelson concentrator be use in a number of gold mine operate by anglogold_ashanti , like geita , sunrise dam and the serra grande gold_mine as well as barrick 's bulyanhulu gold_mine .
james niels peterson ( bear august 18 , 1908 , in philadelphia ; die april 8 , 1975 in palm_beach , florida ) be an american major_league baseball pitcher from 1931 to 1937 .
-pron- attend the university of pennsylvania .
wikipedia : article for deletion /
-pron- break the dawn
bill koeb be an american painter , illustrator , and sequential artist whose work include illustration for washington city paper , the village_voice , and bill graham presents .
-pron- painting have be exhibit in show in new_york , san_francisco , and los_angeles .
-pron- have illustrate story for the marvel_comics ' series " clive_barker 's hellraiser " , the vertigo miniserie " faultlines " and allen moore 's song , " hair of the snake
that bit -pron- " .
-pron- create the artwork for the character
sarah in the film " " ( 1996 ) .
one of four child , bill koeb grow up in california , where -pron- attend elementary school in san_jose and high school in livermore .
from 1985 to 1988 , -pron- attend the academy of art college in san_francisco , major in illustration and study under barron storey whom -pron- assist on barron 's rainfor mural for the american museum of natural_history .
koeb spend 17 year in san_francisco as a freelance_illustrator before move to chapel_hill , north_carolina , where -pron- reside as of 2002 .
-pron- do the first of several paint story and cover for the horror fiction anthology " clive_barker 's hellraiser " , from marvel_comics ' epic comics_imprint , that same year , begin with the 17-page story " the pleasures of deception " , by philip nutman , in issue # 2 ( no date ; 1990 ) .
in addition to the series , koeb paint the 18-page story " for -pron- son " , write by frank_lovece , for " clive_barker 's hellraiser summer special " # 1 ( 1992 ) .
that story appear in checker publishing 's " clive_barker 's hellraiser : collect best , volume 1 " ( ) , though with the last page inexplicably miss ; the complete story appear in an authorized , free online version from web publisher wowio .
other comic work include pencil - and - ink art for writer lee marrs ' six - issue miniserie " faultline " ( may - oct . 1997 ) , publish by dc_comics ' vertigo_imprint ; and the cover and writer alan moore 's eight - page story " the hair of the snake
that bit -pron- " in caliber press ' " negative burn " # 17 ( 1995 ) , reprint in the 1998 caliber one - shot " alan moore 's songbook " .
additionally , koeb paint the cover and the 28-page story of marvel / epic 's " interface " # 7 ( november 1990 ) ; draw the parody comic " aesop 's desecrate morals " # 1 ( rip_off press , 1993 ) ; and ink tom sutton on dc_comics ' " the hacker files " # 11 - 12 ( june – july 1993 )
from 1998 to 2001 -pron- create over 40 illustration for a fireman 's fund national print campaign .
in late 2001 , with the birth of -pron- son gabriel , and with few job come in as the result of a downturn in the economy , koeb focus on painting and earn a living primarily from teach photoshop and illustration class at the academy of art , san_francisco .
in late 2006 , -pron- join goodwill community foundation , do artwork for interactive lesson for a functional literacy program .
in 2003 , koeb have -pron- first one - man show at elon college , elon , nc , and in 2009 , -pron- second solo show at flanders 311 in raleigh , nc .
-pron- currently live in chapel_hill , nc with -pron- wife and son and be work painting and a child 's book .
-pron- will be exhibit monotype at -pron- solo show , " eminence_front " at gallery ad in november 2015 .
1993–94 blackpool f.c. season
the 1993–94 season be blackpool f.c. 's 86th season ( 83rd consecutive ) in the football_league .
-pron- compete in the 24-team division two , then the third tier of english league football , finish twentieth , avoiding_relegation by one point after a final - day 4–1 victory over leyton_orient at bloomfield road .
-pron- be billy ayre 's third full season as manager
andy watson be the club 's top league scorer , with twenty goal .
on 22 january 1994 , blackpool end a run of seven consecutive defeat with a 1–1 draw against swansea city at bloomfield road .
andy_gouck put " the seasiders " ahead after seven minute .
the free admission attract 7,080 spectator to the match , and the experiment be a deem a success . "
the crowd be twice as big as -pron- would have expect otherwise , " say billy ayre .
" -pron- give -pron- all a lift . "
category : sport venue in phoenix , arizona
category : skyscraper in phoenix , arizona
skyscraper in phoenix , arizona , united_states .
palco may refer to :
wikipedia : version 1.0 editorial team / companies article by quality/7
mitchell rales ( bear ) be an american businessman and a collector of modern and contemporary art .
-pron- have be a director of danaher_corporation since 1983 .
in collaboration with -pron- wife emily wei rales , an art historian and curator , -pron- have establish glenstone , a private museum in potomac , maryland , which present exhibition of -pron- collection of modern and contemporary art and installation of outdoor sculpture .
raise in a jewish family , mitchell be one of four son of norman and ruth_rales .
-pron- father be raise in an orphanage , the hebrew orphan_asylum in new_york city and later become a very successful businessman who sell -pron- building supply company in washington , d.c. to -pron- employee in what be the first employee stock ownership plan ( esop ) transaction in the u.s.
-pron- father be also a philanthropist found the norman and ruth_rales foundation and the ruth_rales_jewish_nfamily service .
mitchell have three brother : joshua , steven , and stewart .
mitchell grow up in bethesda , maryland and graduate from walt_whitman high_school in 1974 .
-pron- earn a degree in business administration at miami university in oxford , ohio in 1978 and be a member of beta_theta_pi_nfraternity .
in 1979 , -pron- leave -pron- father 's real_estate firm to find equity group holdings , with -pron- brother steven m. rales .
use junk bond , -pron- buy a diversify line of business .
-pron- change the name to diversified mortgage investors , in 1978 , and then danaher , in 1984 .
in the 1980 , the am side of wgms be sell off to washington , d.c. , venture_capitalists steven and mitchell rales , who convert the music station into the first frequency for wtem , a sport - talk station , in 1992 .
in 1988 , -pron- make a hostile_takeover_bid_nfor interco , inc , which be , at the time , the nation 's large manufacturer of furniture and man 's shoe ( own both converse shoe and the ethan_allen furniture ) .
-pron- later end the bid after five month with a profit of $ 60 million .
in may 2008 , -pron- engineer the initial public offering of colfax , a richmond , virginia industrial pump manufacturer .
-pron- be on the board of the national gallery of art and be a former board member of the hirshhorn_museum .
glenstone present rotate exhibition of modern and contemporary masterwork draw from -pron- own collection and a selection of outdoor sculpture by modern and contemporary master , sit on of landscaped_lawns , meadow , and wood in potomac , maryland .
the first museum building , design by gwathmey_siegel_&_nassociates_architects , open to the public in 2006 .
a second museum building , design by thomas phifer and partners , begin construction in 2013 .
the glenstone collection also continue to expand .
admission to glenstone 's exhibition ( such as a retrospective of the work of peter_fischli and david weiss ) be free , with advance reservation require .
the original glenstone museum building overlook a pond .
the museum be a multiple volume , single - level structure clothe in zinc panel and french limestone .
a large , naturally light sculpture gallery be the organizing element for a sequence of -high gallery space with state - of - the - art museum environmental control , and an administrative office suite .
the sculpture gallery be also the gathering space for reception and special event and open onto a terrace_overlooking the pond and ground .
support space to one side of the gallery include high - density art storage , temporary hold space , a service dock and a catering kitchen .
visitor to the organically maintain museum ground , design by pwp landscape_architects , pass through an entry gatehouse and then drive along a maple_tree - line road , pass between two commission sculpture by richard serra and tony smith .
the cobblestone entry court , anchor by another richard serra piece , have view of the pond , the residence and a commission ellsworth kelly totem sculpture which act as the site 's fulcrum .
for a 150-acre estate , pwp create a landscape that engage the architecture , art , and ecological system of the potomac_river valley .
the site be re - grade from -pron- subdivision state with rough transition smooth and angular slope remove .
two hundred exist tree — root - prune and transplant to new location on site — be supplement with 1,800 tree raise in an on - site nursery to form a landscape that read at a grand scale .
the ground also feature split rocker , by jeff_koons , on a hilltop .
the new museum building will be a 150,000-square - foot structure design as a series of pavilion , which appear to be embed in a hilltop .
the link pavilion , build of stack concrete block and glass , face inward to a central water courtyard .
also include in the design as separate structure be an arrival pavailion and a cafe , both build out of cedar .
in july 2012 , the washington post report on controversy in the local community over rales 's request to connect the museum to the main sewer to support the expansion of glenstone .
the montgomery county authority subsequently approve rales 's request unanimously .
on july 30 , 2012 , the glenstone ground be feature on the pbs program grow a greener world .
in november 2015 , the new_york times report the museum claim an annual attendance of 25,000 visitor , about 125 per day base on the facility be open four day a week .
reservation be require to visit the museum .
rales have be marry twice :
category : museum in phoenix , arizona
museum in phoenix , arizona , united_states .
light gun shooter , also call light gun game or simply gun game , be a shooter video game genre in which the primary design element be aim and shoot with a gun - shape controller .
light gun shooter revolve_around the protagonist shooting target , either antagonist or inanimate_objects .
light gun shooter generally feature action or horror theme and some may employ a humorous , parodic treatment of these convention .
these game typically feature " on - rail " movement , which give the player control only over aim ; the protagonist 's other movement be determine by the game .
game feature this device be sometimes term " rail shooter " , though this term be also apply to game of other genre in which " on - rail " movement be a feature .
some , particularly later , game give the player great control over movement and in still other the protagonist do not move at all .
light gun shooter employ " light gun " controller , so name because -pron- function through the use of light sensor .
mechanical game use light gun have exist since the 1930 , though -pron- operate differently from those use in video game .
throughout the 1970s mechanical game be replace by electronic video game and in the 1980s popular light gun shooter such as " duck hunt " emerge .
the genre be most popular in the 1990 , subsequent to the release of " virtua_cop , " the formula of which be later improve upon by " time crisis " .
the genre be less popular in the new millennium , as well as be hamper by compatibility issue , but retain a niche appeal for fan of " old school " gameplay .
" light gun shooter " , " light gun game " or " gun game " be game in which the protagonist shoot at target , whether antagonist or object , and which utilize a gun - shape controller ( term a " light gun " ) with which the player aim .
while light gun game may feature a first - person perspective , -pron- be distinct from first person shooter , which utilize more conventional input device .
light gun game which feature " on - rail " movement be sometimes term " rail shooter " , though this term be also apply to other type of shooter feature similar movement .
the light gun -pron- be so termed because -pron- function through the use of a light sensor : pull the trigger allow -pron- to detect light from the on - screen target .
target in light gun shooter may be threaten antagonist such as criminal , terrorist or zombie , or -pron- may be inanimate_objects such as apple or bottle .
although these game may be play without a light gun , the use of more conventional input method have be deem inferior .
light gun shooter typically feature generic action or horror theme , though some later game employ more humorous , self - referential style .
light gun shooter primarily revolve_around shoot large number of enemy attack in wave .
the protagonist may be require to defend -pron- by take cover , or by shoot incoming throw weapon , such as ax or grenade .
the player may also compete against the clock , however , with some game also feature boss battle .
game may also reward the player for accurate shooting , with extra point , power - up or secret .
game which do not pit the player against antagonist instead feature elaborate challenge construct mainly from inanimate_objects , test the player 's speed and accuracy .
more conventional game may feature these type of challenge as minigame .
light gun shooter typically feature " on - rail " movement , which give the player no control over the direction the protagonist move in ; the player only have control over aim and shooting .
some game , however , may allow the protagonist to take cover at the push of a button .
other game may eschew on - rail movement altogether and allow the player to move the protagonist freely around the game 's environment ; still other may feature a static environment .
light gun shooter utilise a first person perspective for aim , though some game may allow the player to switch to a third person perspective in order to maneuver the protagonist .
mechanical gun game exist before the emergence of electronic video game , as far back as the 1920 .
the first light gun appear in the 1930 , with the seeburg ray - o - lite .
game use this toy rifle be mechanical and the rifle fire beam of light at target wire with sensor .
these evolve throughout subsequent decade , culminate in game such as sega 's electro - mechanical arcade game " periscope " , the company 's first successful game , release in 1966 .
-pron- require the player to target cardboard ship .
sega later produce gun game which resemble first - person light gun video game , but be in fact electro - mechanical game that use rear image projection in a manner similar to a zoetrope to produce move animation on a screen .
an early example of this be " duck hunt " , which sega release in 1969 ; -pron- feature animated move target on a screen , print out the player 's score on a ticket , and have sound effect that be volume controllable .
throughout the 1970 , electro - mechanical arcade game be gradually replace by electronic video game , follow the release of " pong " in 1972 , with 1978 's " space_invaders " deal a yet more powerful blow to the popularity of mechanical game .
light gun use in electronic video game work in the opposite manner to -pron- mechanical counterpart : the sensor be in the gun and pull the trigger allow -pron- to receive light from the on - screen target .
computer light pen have be use for practical purpose at mit in the early 1960 , and the magnavox_odyssey have a light gun accessory , in the production of which nintendo be involve .
light gun become popularly use for video game in the mid-1980 , with nintendo 's " duck hunt " and taito 's " operation wolf " be popular example .
sega 's " virtua_cop , " release in arcade in 1994 , break new ground , popularize the use of 3d polygon in shooter game , and lead to a " renaissance " in the popularity of arcade gun game .
the game be inspire by the clint_eastwood film " dirty_harry " as well as a coffee advertisement in which a can of coffee grow large in a gun 's sight ; in " virtua_cop " the player have to shoot approach target as fast as possible .
the acclaim " time crisis " by namco , release in japanese arcade in 1995 and sony 's playstation console in 1997 , introduce innovation such as simulated recoil and a foot pedal which when press cause the protagonist to take cover .
the game 's light gun controller , the guncon , be also acclaim .
namco also release " point_blank " for the playstation in 1998 ( previously available in japanese arcade as " gun bullet " since 1994 ) , a 2d_sprite - base game feature a unique minigame structure and quirky , humorous tone .
the game be critically_acclaimed and receive two sequel , both for the playstation console .
light gun be suppress for a time in the united_states after the 1999 columbine_high school massacre and -pron- attendant controversy over video game and gun crime .
since the late 1980s light gun controller have be generally manufacture to look like toy by paint -pron- in bright colour .
in japan , which lack the gun crime find in the united_states and in which civilian can not legally own gun , more realistic light gun be widely available .
light gun shooter be less popular in the new millennium than in the 1990 , with new game in the genre see as " old school " .
the " time crisis " and " house of the dead " franchise continue to receive acclaim installment , with the arcade machine for the latter 's
" house of the dead 4 special " ( 2006 ) feature large screen enclose the player , as well as swivel , vibrate chair .
some game attempt to incorporate element of first person shooter or survival horror game through the use of less restricted character movement and exploration , with varying_degrees of success .
other , however , unashamedly pay homage to 1990s arcade gameplay , even embrace a somewhat parodic style .
light gun be not compatible with modern high - definition_televisions , lead developer to experiment with hybrid controller , particularly with the wii_remote for the wii , as well as the playstation 3 's guncon 3 peripheral use with " time crisis 4 " .
other have use the playstation_move_motion_ncontrol system .
elmer edward klumpp ( august 26 , 1906 in st._louis , missouri – october 18 , 1996 in menomonee_falls , wisconsin ) be a catcher in major_league baseball .
-pron- play for the washington senators in 1934 and the brooklyn_dodgers in 1937 .
1994–95 blackpool f.c. season
the 1994 - 95 season be blackpool f.c. 's 89th season ( 86th consecutive ) in the football_league .
-pron- compete in the 24-team division two , then the third tier of english league football , finish twelfth .
sam_allardyce replace billy ayre as manager prior to the start of the season .
blackpool exit both domestic cup_competitions at the first - round stage .
tony ellis be the club 's top league scorer , with seventeen goal .
mike davies retire at the end of the season after eleven year of service for blackpool , -pron- only professional club .
-pron- subsequently move into a coaching role at the club .
blackpool sign veteran goalkeeper les_sealey from manchester united before the season begin , but -pron- transfer back to the premier_league with a move to west_ham on 28 november .
category : building and structure in phoenix , arizona
joy ( paul king album )
joy be the only solo album by british singer paul king , release in 1987 , on cbs label , after king , the new wave band -pron- be lead singer for , split up in 1986 .
the album be produce by american musician dan hartman , and feature singer nona_hendryx , on female background vocal to " slow_motion , " the last but one song of the track listing .
paul king 's debut solo album do not chart , and only produce a minor hit for two single release : " -pron- know " , which stall at number 58 , and " follow -pron- heart " , which fail to chart in the uk
top 75 .
the most apparent difference between the pop rock - orient sound of this work and the more new wave - sound two lp by king group be to be identify , not only in the double keyboard , but also in the extensive use of brass ( be especially evident in the first single " -pron- know " ) , play by the uptown_horns quartet , as well as in background vocal , record in two separate session , one hold in detroit and the other in new_york .
the song " star " be co - write by paul along with ex colleague mike roberts , keyboard player in the king band .
in general , paul 's voice , and -pron- poetic_lyrics remain more or less unaltered , make the shift from the group 's to solo work a little less abrupt .
perry haines ' management and the unity club fan club be also unchanged .
hendrik floris cohen ( bear haarlem , netherlands july 1 , 1946 ) be a historian of science .
cohen study history at the university of leiden , receive a ph.d. in 1974 .
-pron- be a professor in the comparative history of science at the university of utrecht .
cohen be the brother of politician job cohen and son of the historian dolf cohen .
in 2008 , cohen be award the dutch " eureka " prize for the good book of the year that make science accessible to a wide audience .
pwc plaza be a 475-ft ( 145 m ) tall skyscraper in minneapolis , minnesota .
-pron- be complete in 1987 and have 36  floor .
-pron- be the tall mixed - use building in minneapolis and contain office , include the minneapolis office of london - base professional service firm pricewaterhousecoopers and the radisson_blu minneapolis hotel .
this image be authorize for use on wikipedia by the ambulance_service of manchester only .
marek bečka be the founder of buchty a loutky puppet company ( " cakes and puppets " ) and lecturer in puppetry at department of alternative and puppet_theatre of the theatre faculty of academy of performing_arts in prague , czech_republic .
bečka be a lecturer in puppetry who have be invite to give master class in hong_kong and the netherlands .
bečka be a graduate of the prague academy of performing_arts in puppetry .
-pron- be also a skilled director and writer .
-pron- vision have see the founding of buchty a loutky ( " cakes and puppets " ) puppet company in 1991 , which have present over many year a great range of offering include " rocky ix " and " tibet " .
a loutky be famous all over europe through -pron- tour .
a dose - volume histogram ( dvh ) be a histogram relate radiation dose to tissue volume in radiation_therapy planning .
dvh be most commonly use as a plan evaluation tool and to compare dos from different plan or to structure .
dvh be introduce by michael goitein ( who introduce radiation_therapy concept such as the " beam's - eye - view , " " digitally_reconstructed radiograph , " and uncertainty / error in planning and positioning , among other ) and verhey in 1979 .
dvh summariz 3d dose distribution in a graphical 2d format .
in modern radiation_therapy , 3d dose distribution be typically create in a computerized treatment planning system ( tps ) base on a 3d reconstruction of a ct_scan .
the " volume " refer to in dvh analysis be a target of radiation treatment , a healthy organ nearby a target , or an arbitrary structure .
dvh can be visualize in either of two way : differential dvh or cumulative dvh .
a dvh be create by first determine the size of the dose bin of the histogram .
bins can be of arbitrary size , e.g. 0–1 
gy , 1.001–2.000  gy , 2.001–3.000  gy , etc .
in a differential dvh , bar or column height indicate the volume of structure receive a dose give by the bin .
bin dos be along the horizontal_axis , and structure volume ( either percent or absolute volume ) be on the vertical .
the differential dvh take the appearance of a typical histogram .
-pron- read like the volume of the organ that receive the dose of the correspondent dose - bin .
-pron- be build by the sum of the number of voxel characterize by a specified range of dosage for the organ consider .
-pron- be helpful in provide information about change in dose within the structure consider and to easily visualize minimum and maximum dose .
the cumulative dvh be plot with bin dos along the horizontal_axis , as well .
however , the column height of the first bin ( 0–1 
gy , e.g. ) represent the volume of structure receive great than or equal to that dose .
the column height of the second bin ( 1.001–2.000  gy , e.g. ) represent the volume of structure receive great than or equal to that dose , etc .
with very fine ( small ) bin size , the cumulative dvh take on the appearance of a smooth line graph .
the line always slope and start from top - left to bottom - right .
for a structure receive a very homogenous dose ( 100 % of the volume receive exactly 10  gy , for example ) the cumulative dvh will appear as a horizontal line at the top of the graph , at 100 % volume as plot vertically , with a vertical drop at 10 gy on the horizontal_axis .
a dvh use clinically usually include all structure and target of interest in the radiotherapy plan , each line plot a different color , represent a different structure .
the vertical_axis be almost always plot as percent volume ( rather than absolute volume ) , as well .
clinical study have show that dvh metric correlate with patient toxicity outcome .
a drawback of the dvh methodology be that -pron- offer no spatial information ; i.e. , a dvh do not show where within a structure a dose be receive .
also , dvh from initial radiotherapy plan represent the dos to structure at the start of radiation treatment .
as treatment progress and time elaps , if there be change ( i.e. if patient lose weight , if tumor shrink , if organ change shape , etc . ) , the original dvh lose -pron- accuracy .
cyber village academy be a public charter school in saint paul , minnesota , united_states , charter in 1997 .
-pron- be locate at 768 hamline ave s.
the school serve student grade kindergarten through 12 .
cyber village academy be found in february 1997 with the charter to serve the need of student who be in need of some help when -pron- come to school in the minneapolis and st. paul metro area and be originally authorize by the minneapolis independent school district .
-pron- now meet the need of gifted education and twice exceptional student and be authorize by innovative quality schools .
cyber village academy provide help for people who need different learning plan .
cyber village academy share a building with talmud_torah of st. paul for -pron- on campus class .
the school be organize and manage separately .
share space include the library , gymnasium , art room , stage , one computer lab and science lab .
the building be originally build as a works_progress administration project .
ground include a basketball court , playground , and soccer field .
cyber village academy offer two education option :
1 ) fusion program , grades k-12 use a hybrid approach : student spend 3 day on campus and 2 day on - line each week .
the school have expand to k-12 in the 2015 - 16 school year .
many family appreciate the high level of family involvement as well as the two distinct learning environment .
online day provide student with the opportunity to pursue enrichment activity , complete -pron- work at -pron- own pace , or work in -pron- home environment .
on online day , a study center be available for student who wish to use -pron- .
2 ) program for accelerated studies use computer - assisted learning ( pascal ) -- 100 % on line use odysseyware web base software support by licensed teacher and align to minnesota standard .
contact with teacher be via campus visit , telephone , email & skype .
this program be available to resident of minnesota in 6th - 12th grade .
category : secretary of state of iowa
ince manor or ince grange be a former monastic grange in the village of ince in cheshire , england .
the remain of the manor_house , consist of the old hall and the monastery cottage , be record in the national heritage list for england as a designate grade  -pron- list building , and a scheduled monument
-pron- be one of only two survive monastic manorial building in cheshire , the other be saighton grange gatehouse .
ince manor be one of the early record property of st_werburgh 's abbey , chester , and be record in the domesday_book .
in 1277 edward  -pron- be entertain at the manor .
in 1399 and again in 1410 a licence to crenellate be obtain .
follow the dissolution of the monastery the manor remain in church ownership until 1547 when -pron- pass to sir  richard cotton , and from -pron- son george , to sir  hugh cholmondeley .
-pron- then pass to the vale royal branch of the cholmondeleys until 1724 , when -pron- be sell by charles cholmondeley to sir  george wynne of leeswood .
from -pron- heiress , margaret , the manor pass into the waring family .
the range of domestic building date probably from the late 13th or 14th  century and the hall from the early 15th  century .
the engrave date from the early 18th  century by the topographical draughtsman and engraver - printseller samuel and nathaniel buck ( " picture " ) show the cottage to be a ruin .
ormerod describe the survive building in the 19th  century which be stand in ground of " rather more than an acre " with a stone wall to the south and the remain of a moat on the other side .
the former domestic building be in use as a farmhouse and the old hall be be use as a barn .
when the site be visit by the chester historic_buildings preservation_trust in the early 1990 , the hall be protect by a 19th - century roof .
the domestic building have be in use as cottage until the 1960 but be then without roof .
english heritage advise that -pron- would be proper to restore the building and a feasibility_study show that restoration would be possible .
the building be buy from the owner by cheshire county council , who pass -pron- to the preservation_trust .
restoration begin in 2002 , with funding mainly from the heritage_lottery fund .
the building be now back in private ownership .
adjacent to the manor be a pair of vertical stone embed in the ground with groove for timber stock which be list at grade  ii .
in statistic , the method of estimate equation be a way of specify how the parameter of a statistical model should be estimate .
this can be think of as a generalisation of many classical method --- the method of moment , least square , and maximum likelihood --- as well as some recent method like m - estimator .
the basis of the method be to have , or to find , a set of simultaneous_equations involve both the sample datum and the unknown model parameter which be to be solve in order to define the estimate of the parameter .
various component of the equation be define in term of the set of observed datum on which the estimate be to be base .
important example of estimate equation be the likelihood equation .
consider the problem of estimate the rate parameter , λ of the exponential distribution which have the probability density function :
suppose that a sample of data be available from which either the sample mean , 2 , or the sample median , " m " , can be calculate .
then an estimate equation base on the mean be
while the estimate equation base on the median be
each of these equation be derive by equate a sample value ( sample statistic ) to a theoretical ( population ) value .
in each case the sample statistic be a consistent estimator of the population value , and this provide an intuitive justification for this type of approach to estimation .
john lindsay brown ( july 22 , 1911 in mason , texas – january 1 , 1967 in san_antonio , texas ) , be a professional baseball player who play shortstop in the major league for the 1937 brooklyn_dodgers .
jorge filipe vidigal ( bear 29 january 1978 ) be an angolan retire footballer who play as a right back .
bear in elvas , portugal , vidigal play most of -pron- career in the country 's low league , represent hometown club o elvas cad ( two spell ) , g.d. estoril praia , south propn olhanense and c.f. união .
-pron- also spend two year at sporting_clube_de_nportugal , but appear almost exclusively for -pron- reserve .
vidigal 's only full primeira_liga experience come with south propn beira - mar , who sign the player from olhanense – where -pron- also appear as a defensive midfielder – on a two - year contract .
-pron- only appear in ten match in -pron- debut season , and the aveiro team be relegate .
in the summer of 2008 , after a brief_stint in madeira with união , vidigal join c.r. caála , return to the land of -pron- ancestor .
vidigal be the young of 13 brother and sister , four of -pron- male sibling also be footballer :
beto , lito – who represent angola internationally and later become a coach – luís ( play for sporting and portugal with success , spend several year in italy and be coached by lito at c.f. estrela_da_amadora_n) and toni .
1995–96 blackpool f.c. season
the 1995 - 96 season be blackpool f.c. 's 88th season ( 85th consecutive ) in the football_league .
-pron- compete in the 24-team division two , then the third tier of english league football , finish third , -pron- high league finish since the 1976 - 77 season .
-pron- make the end - of - season play - off , but lose to bradford city at the semi - final stage .
-pron- win the first leg 2 - 0 , but lose 3 - 0 in the return leg at bloomfield road , a result that cost sam_allardyce -pron- job , in -pron- second season .
tony ellis be the club 's ( joint-)top scorer in the league for the second consecutive season , tie with andy_preece on fourteen goal apiece .
woodson be the first non - single release by kansas_city , missouri band
the get up kids .
-pron- be record at red house studios in eudora , kansas in november 1996 .
the album be originally release on contrast records , shortly before the band be sign to a two - record deal on doghouse_records .
the album be the first to be produce by ed rose , who would go on collaborate several other time with the band in the future .
due to a distribution conflict , doghouse_records release -pron- own version of " woodson " shortly after the contrast release , combine the song from the ep with the band 's loveteller ep .
-pron- be release on both 7 " vinyl and compact_disc .
the carlyle be a tall skyscraper in minneapolis , minnesota , locate at 100  third avenue south .
complete in 2007 , the carlyle have 41 floor and 249 unit .
-pron- be the 12th - tall building in minneapolis , and the tall residential building in minnesota .
-pron- be design by dallas architecture firm humphreys and partners architects .
wikipedia : article for deletion / danleigh borman
william r. mckeen jr.
william r. mckeen jr. be the inventor of the track motorcar .
while serve as the superintendent of motive power and machinery for the union pacific -pron- develop the mckeen railmotor , later launch the mckeen motor car company at the insistence of up head e.h. harriman .
-pron- company be locate at the union pacific_railroad omaha shops facility in omaha , nebraska .
handley jacob daniel ( april 22 , 1911 in roanoke , alabama – april 23 , 1996 in lagrange , georgia ) be a professional baseball player .
-pron- play in major_league baseball for the 1937 brooklyn_dodgers , primarily as a first baseman .
yumenoshima stadium ( 江東区夢の島陸上競技場 ) be a 5,050-capacity multi - use stadium locate on in tokyo bay .
the stadium be mostly use for football but also have an athletic track .
-pron- be the main home of sagawa_express tokyo south propn before that club 's merger with -pron- osaka - base sister club and subsequent relocation to shiga .
the seating capacity be 2,350 seat , and the grass stand hold 2,700 people .
-pron- currently serve as the home ground of fc tokyo u-23 in addition to the ajinomoto field nishigaoka .
the stadium host the learning disabled football championship in 2002 .
aldo protti ( july 19 , 1920 –
august 10 , 1995 ) be an italian baritone opera_singer , particularly associate with the italian repertory .
protti be bear in cremona .
-pron- study in parma , and make -pron- debut in pesaro , as figaro , in 1948 .
-pron- make -pron- la_scala debut in 1950 , as amonasro , and sing there for many year .
-pron- sing widely in italy and europe in the standard italian repertory , earn a reputation for be " one of the most reliable baritone in the business " .
in 1956 , protti appear with the new_york city opera , in " rigoletto " ( with norman treigle as sparafucile ) , " tosca " ( in vladimir rosing 's staging ) , and the company premiere of " il_trovatore " ( with pier miranda ferraro ) .
-pron- make a belated debut at the metropolitan_opera , as rigoletto , in john dexter 's production , in 1985 , at the age of sixty - five .
-pron- be particularly appreciate in verdi role , especially " rigoletto " , -pron- great role , but also as alfio , tonio , gérard , scarpia , etc .
aldo protti die in cremona , aged seventy - five .
barry mcgoldrick ( bear 29 april 1985 ) be an irish gaelic_footballer who play for derry , with whom -pron- have win a national league title .
-pron- be also the current team captain .
at underage level -pron- win the ulster minor and all - ireland minor championships with the county .
mcgoldrick play club football for eoghan_rua and have win the derry senior football championship with the club .
-pron- be a dual player in that -pron- also play hurl for eoghan_rua , and have in the past also hurl for derry , win the nicky_rackard_cup_n.
mcgoldrick 's father sean play for antrim .
-pron- brother sean leo have also play football and hurl for derry .
-pron- brother ciaran and cousin
niall holly be also part of the derry panel and youngest brother colm part of the u-21 panel .
-pron- sister play camogie for derry .
-pron- sister grainne be nominate for camogie
all stars in both 2006 and 2008 .
mcgoldrick be part of the derry minor side that win the 2002 ulster minor championship and all - ireland minor championship .
-pron- be a member of the derry under-21 team that finish runner - up to tyrone in the 2006 ulster under-21 football championship .
mcgoldrick be call up to the derry senior football panel in november 2005 for the 2006 season .
-pron- start in derry 's opening 2006 championship game against tyrone and donegal , but miss the kildare and longford game due to a broken hand .
-pron- have an injury hit season in 2007 , but come back strongly in 2008 start all derry 's national league game .
-pron- be part of the derry team that win the 2008 national league where derry beat kerry in the final .
mcgoldrick and derry also reach the national league final in 2009 , but be defeat by kerry .
-pron- miss the final due to injury .
in that campaign -pron- mostly play at centre half back , as oppose to -pron- usual role in the forward line and have remain as a defender ever since .
-pron- have be name as the derry captain for the 2011 season by new manager john brennan .
mcgoldrick be instrumental in the eoghan_rua side that win both the 2006 derry intermediate and ulster intermediate championships , before lose out in the 2007 all - ireland intermediate club championship final to ardfert of kerry .
-pron- be an important member of the eoghan_rua team which win the 2010 derry senior football championship , beat favourite ballinderry in the final .
mcgoldrick attend loreto college in coleraine , and captain the school to the mclarnon cup semi - final in 2003 .
mcgoldirck attend st. mary 's university college in belfast and play football for the college .
-pron- win the cau indoor 7s competition with st. mary 's in 2008 .
mcgoldrick represent ireland in the under 17 international rules series in 2002 .
mcgoldrick be part of the derry minor hurl side that lose out to antrim in both the 2002 and 2003 ulster minor_hurling championship final .
-pron- first taste of senior inter - county action come when -pron- be 18 , with the derry hurling team , when sean " roe " mccloskey be manager .
-pron- be part of the derry senior team that win the 2006 nicky_rackard_cup_n, but miss playing in the final due to a hand injury .
-pron- no longer hurl with derry ; now concentrate on football .
mcgoldrick win both the derry intermediate_hurling_championship_nand derry junior hurling_championship with eoghan_rua in 2006 .
inaridai sword , also know as inaridai no . 1
kofun tumulus iron sword ( 稲荷台一号墳出土鉄剣 inaridai ichi - gōfun shutsudo tekken ) , be an ancient iron sword excavate in " inaridai no . 1 kofun tumulus " in chiba_prefecture , japan .
the sword be probably forge in kinai region in the 5th century and bury with the deceased person in the late of the century .
-pron- silver - inlaid inscription be the important source of the japanese domestic politic in the period .
the original chinese text be as follow ;
in the tumulus two man be bury in each wooden_coffin .
artifact excavate around the tomb indicate the two be local warrior class noble in the 5th century .
some scholar speculate the king mention in the inscription be king sai , one of the five king of wa , write in the chinese historical text " book of song " .
in the kofun period the polity in kinai region advance toward the reunification of japan .
the sword , which be bestow to the local rule family by the king of wa , be regard as an example of the birth of the ancient unify state .
a water scoop be a simple hydropower machine – that is , a machine use to extract power from the flow of water .
unlike a water wheel -pron- operate intermittently , like a seesaw : a container ( a bucket or cup ) at the end of a lever be fill with water in the upper position .
the container side become heavy , and so the lever with the fill container move downward , which may be use to operate a machine drive .
in the low position the container be empty , and the lever move back into the upward position .
because of -pron- inferior efficiency compare to a water mill , water scoop be less common , and have be use in the past mostly for application where linear motion be require rather than rotation , for example hammer in smitherie , saw in sawmill , and stamp mill in mining .
-pron- be also use for full and , nowadays , to operate animate sculpture in fountain .
:
mediation cabal / cases/2008 - 03 - 31 al lutz
there be an edit war regard one paragraph ( tom sawyer island ) , -pron- say keep -pron- , -pron- be verify and have relevance , why the other person just keep delete -pron- .
-pron- have try to get the person into the discussion page , have request editor assistance and a third opinion ( with no response ) .
-pron- now claim -pron- be " vandalise " the page , when -pron- keep try to have the person tell -pron- why the paragraph do not meet wikipedia standards .
-pron- , georgekelsey , -pron- ip be 76.168.181.42 , and most of the history be under that ip , prior to set up an account to register this request .
the other person be 65.103.3.173 .
an edit war , where 65.103.3.173 pretty much refuse to discuss the matter , and keep delete the paragraph without reason ( -pron- opinion ) .
that a third party that understand the wikipedia standards make a decision that the paragraph be relevant and valid , or that -pron- do not meet wikipedia standards .
perhaps -pron- should try first ( ) 21:50 , 20 march 2008 ( utc )
second request , the other person in the dispute remove the heading ...
( ) 15:05 , 31 march 2008 ( utc )
why -pron- do not belong : first of all , there be no clear - cut connection between mr. lutz blogg about this change and disney make -pron- decision .
this be completely hearsay , and there be no possible way to verify -pron- .
link be old and outdated .
further , -pron- be merely a summary of a past posting of -pron- , and do not really demonstrate who -pron- be or why -pron- blog on wikipedia .
there have be absolutely no strong reason as to why this should remain .
the whole lindsey_lohan - disneyland party thing -pron- blogg about may be good for this page , but even that be rather dubious for the wikipedia .
please provide some strong evidence as to why tom sawyer should stay , because in -pron- current form -pron- really do not belong .
( ) 18:38 , 20 march 2008 ( utc )
1996–97 blackpool f.c. season
the 1996 - 97 season be blackpool f.c. 's 89th season ( 86th consecutive ) in the football_league .
-pron- compete in the 24-team division two , then the third tier of english league football , finish seventh .
5 september 1996 mark the 100th anniversary of blackpool 's first match in the football_league .
sam_allardyce be fire after fail to bring the club promotion the previous season .
-pron- be replace by the former norwich city manager_gary_megson_n.
tony ellis be the club 's top scorer for the third consecutive season , with eighteen goal ( fifteen in the league and three in the league cup ) .
" blackpool 's score come first "
pathogenic fungus be fungus that because disease in human or other organism .
approximately 300 fungus be know to be pathogenic to human .
the study of fungus pathogenic to human be call " medical mycology " .
although fungus be eukaryotic , many pathogenic_fungi be microorganism .
the study of fungus and other organism pathogenic to plant be call plant pathology .
" candida " specie because infection in individual with deficient immune system .
th1-type cell - mediated_immunity ( cmi ) be require for clearance of a fungal_infection .
" candida_albicans " be a kind of diploid yeast that commonly occur among the human gut_microflora . "
c._albicans " be an opportunistic_pathogen in human .
abnormal over - growth of this fungus can occur , particularly in immunocompromised_individuals .
" c._albicans " have a parasexual cycle that appear to be stimulate by environmental stress .
the most common pathogenic specie be " aspergillus_fumigatus " and " aspergillus_flavus " .
aspergillus_flavus produce aflatoxin which be both a toxin and a carcinogen and which can potentially contaminate food such as nut .
" aspergillus_fumigatus " and " aspergillus clavatus " can because allergic disease .
some " aspergillus " specie because disease on grain crop , especially maize , and synthesize mycotoxin include aflatoxin .
aspergillosis be the group of disease cause by " aspergillus " .
the symptom include fever , cough , chest pain or breathlessness .
usually , only patient with weakened_immune_systems_nor with other lung condition be susceptible .
the spore of " aspergillus_fumigatus " be ubiquitous in the atmosphere .
" a._fumigatus " be an opportunistic_pathogen .
-pron- can because potentially_lethal invasive infection in immunocompromised_individuals . "
a._fumigatus " have a fully_functional sexual cycle that produce cleistothecia and ascospore .
" cryptococcus_neoformans " can because a severe form of meningitis and meningo - encephalitis in patient with hiv_infection and aids .
the majority of " cryptococcus " specie live in the soil and do not because disease in human . "
cryptococcus_neoformans " be the major human and animal pathogen . "
cryptococcus laurentii " and " cryptococcus albidus " have be know to occasionally because moderate - to - severe disease in human patient with compromised immunity . "
cryptococcus_gattii " be endemic to tropical part of the continent of africa and australia and can because disease in non - immunocompromis people .
infect " c._neoformans " cell be usually phagocytos by alveolar_macrophages in the lung .
the invade " c._neoformans " cell may be kill by the release of oxidative and nitrosative molecule by these macrophage .
however some " c._neoformans " cell may survive within the macrophage .
the ability of the pathogen to survive within the macrophage probably determine latency of the disease , dissemination and resistance to antifungal_agents .
in order to survive in the hostile intracellular environment of the macrophage , one of the response of " c._neoformans " be to upregulate gene employ in response to oxidative_stress .
the haploid nucleus of " c._neoformans " can undergo nuclear fusion ( karyogamy ) to become diploid .
these diploid nucleus may then undergo meiosis , include recombination , result in the formation of haploid basidiospore that be able to disperse .
meiosis may facilitate repair of " c._neoformans " dna in response to macrophage challenge .
" histoplasma_capsulatum " can because histoplasmosis in human , dog and cat .
the fungus be most prevalent in the americas , india and southeastern asia .
-pron- be endemic in certain area of the united_states .
infection be usually due to inhale contaminated air .
" pneumocystis jirovecii " ( or pneumocystis_carinii ) can because a form of pneumonia in people with weakened_immune_systems_n, such as premature child , the elderly and aids patient .
" stachybotrys_chartarum " or " black mold " can because respiratory damage and severe headache .
-pron- frequently occur in house in region that be chronically damp .
mammalian endothermy and homeothermy be potent nonspecific defense against most fungus .
the skin , respiratory_tract , gastrointestinal_tract , and the genital - urinary_tract induce inflammation be common bodily region of fungal_infection .
study have show that host with high level of immune response cell such as monocyte / macrophage , dendritic_cells , and invariant natural killer ( ink ) t - cell exhibit great control of fungal growth and protection against systemic infection .
pattern recognition receptor ( prr ) play an important role in induce an immune response by recognize specific fungal_pathogens and initiate an immune response .
in the case of mucosal candidiasis , the cell that produce cytokine il-17 be extremely important in maintain innate_immunity .
gerhard sandbichler be an austrian luger who compete from the late 1970 to the late 1980 .
-pron- be best know for -pron- third place overall luge world_cup finish in man 's single in 1984 - 5 .
compete in three winter_olympics , sandbichler earn -pron- good finish of fifth in the man 's single event at lake_placid in 1980 .
got mercury ? be a public awareness campaign about mercury level in seafood .
-pron- be sponsor by the sea_turtle restoration_project ( strp ) and -pron- parent organization , the turtle_island restoration network ( tirn ) .
the name of the campaign be a snowclone of the successful got_milk ?
advertising campaign .
although the strp be found to protect sea_turtles in -pron- natural habitat , the organization begin the got mercury ?
campaign in 2002 .
the campaign advocate that supermarket and restaurant post warning sign about mercury_contamination in seafood , require -pron- to regularly screen seafood for level of mercury under one part per million and that specie that contain the " high level of mercury " should be remove from the shelf .
in 2004 , the organization create an online mercury seafood calculator , one that be mimic by the free market center for consumer freedom not long thereafter .
on march 17 , 2008 , got mercury ?
issue a report entitle , " mercury in seafood :
no fair warning " , which include these finding :
shortly after the release of the report , the national fisheries institute issue a press advisory urge reporter to disregard the report on the basis that -pron- may because public harm by lead individual , include mother and child , to consume less fish and lose the benefit from omega-3 fatty_acids that can be important to early childhood development .
in january 2011 , the group secretly test sample of seafood buy from california retailer .
the group test swordfish , tuna , halibut , and salmon for trace of methylmercury .
the result of the study show that tuna and swordfish purchase from some supermarket and sushi restaurant contain as much as three time the fda limit for mercury_contamination .
representative of the seafood industry criticize the report , argue that -pron- may lead consumer to eat less seafood and thus be detrimental to public health .
pamela tom , manager of the seafood extension program at the university of california at san_diego also note that no case of methylmercury_poisoning have be find from fish document with the centers for disease_control and prevention .
currently , the turtle_island restoration network provide organizational support for the strp , got mercury ?
, as well as the spawn .
between 1999 and 2008 , the turtle_island restoration network have receive $ 93,000 from the foundation for deep ecology , an organization found by fashion executive douglas tompkins .
wige media be a german tv production company in cologne , germany .
the main focus of wige lie in motorsports , but also include noteworthy project in football , snowboarding , and the 2005 world games .
the service provide by wige medium include timekeeping , tv production and postproduction with both eng and ob - facility , a sport video archive as well as event service and marketing of television broadcast right .
one of the key element of the wige media service portfolio be the production of motor sport event on german ( and neighbouring country ' ) race track .
in this capacity , wige produce the formula_one world feed from the nürburgring , hockenheimring and hungary 's hungaroring before fom centralize the production of the world feed in 2007 .
nevertheless , wige still remain a close involvement in formula_one .
-pron- provide german_broadcaster_rtl_ntelevision with additional service for -pron- formula_one coverage , and also assist formula_one management in some european race .
dennis o'neill ( 3 march 1932 – 9 january 1945 ) be a 12-year - old welsh boy whose death at the hand of -pron- foster parent lead to an inquiry into and overhaul of foster provision in great_britain .
dennis o'neill , 12 , live in newport , monmouthshire .
on 30 may 1944 dennis and -pron- young brother , terence ( terry ) , 9 , and frederick ( freddie ) , 7 , be commit to the care of newport county borough_council by newport juvenile_court on the ground that -pron- be in need of care and attention .
on 5 july 1944 the newport education committee , exercise power under the children and young persons act 1933 , send dennis and terence to live with reginald gough , 31 , and -pron- wife esther , 29 , at -pron- remote farm , bank farm , in the hope valley , near minsterley , shropshire , england .
frederick be send to a mr and mrs pickering nearby .
at 1:00 pm on 9 january 1945 , esther gough telephone the local doctor to tell -pron- that dennis be have a fit .
the doctor arrive at 3:30 pm to find that -pron- be already dead and be in an appalling condition .
an inquest find that -pron- have die of cardiac failure after be strike several heavy blow on the chest , and have also be beat with a stick on the back .
-pron- be undernourished , thin and waste , and well below normal average weight for -pron- age .
-pron- have a number of septic ulcer on -pron- foot and -pron- leg be severely chap .
on 3 february 1945 , reginald gough be charge with manslaughter and esther gough with wilful ill - treatment , neglect and exposure likely to because suffering and injury .
on 12 february 1945 -pron- , too , be charge with manslaughter .
on 13 february 1945 the goughs appear before pontesbury magistrates ' court .
on the first day of the committal_proceedings , terence testify that -pron- be usually give three slice of bread and butter each per day , and that and tea be -pron- only sustenance .
-pron- steal whatev -pron- could from the pantry to supplement this .
dennis would suck milk from the teat of the farm cow .
every night both boy be give a severe thrashing on -pron- hand and/or leg , sometimes up to 100 blow each .
on 6 january 1945 , dennis have be order out to collect stick .
-pron- come home shiver with only a handful of stick and be force out again by gough use -pron- stick .
-pron- stand in the yard crying and be drag to the spinney by -pron- hair by mrs gough .
that night -pron- be thrash for take a bite from a swede .
the follow day -pron- be stripped_naked by gough and thrash with a stick so hard that -pron- break ; gough then thrash -pron- with another stick until -pron- leg be blue and bleed .
the next day -pron- be unable to stand up and when terence come home from school -pron- find -pron- brother lock in a cubbyhole in the kitchen .
-pron- foot be by now in a terrible condition and gough hit -pron- to try to make -pron- stop cry .
dennis complain that -pron- back hurt .
gough beat -pron- with -pron- fist again the follow morning ; -pron- die in the afternoon .
on the second day of the committal_proceedings terence give another three hour of testimony about -pron- mistreatment .
the follow day -pron- be recall again and admit that the boy have sometimes misbehave and deserve to be punish .
gough have play cricket and football with -pron- and the goughs insist the boy say -pron- prayer every night .
this time -pron- say that -pron- all eat the same food .
miss eirlys edwards , a clerk in newport education department ( with no training or experience in matter of child welfare ) , testify on the second day that -pron- visit bank farm on 20 december 1944 , and observe that the boy be treat with little affection , and while terence appear to be well care for , dennis appear ill and frightened ; -pron- ask mrs gough to call a doctor to examine -pron- , which -pron- say -pron- would do .
-pron- have recommend to -pron- superior that the boy be remove and mr w. j. edmonds , newport 's deputy director of education , confirm that -pron- have request shropshire education committee to do so , although the goughs have not yet be inform of this decision .
on the third day , police sergeant macpherson testify that -pron- have visit the farm follow dennis 's death and find that the boy ' bedroom be dirty and poorly furnish , whereas the goughs ' room be pleasant , neat and tidy .
-pron- say that mrs gough state that dennis have start complain that -pron- foot hurt soon after -pron- come to live with -pron- and that -pron- be always late get up .
-pron- have state that the boy have be fight the night before dennis 's death and -pron- be this that have cause the mark on -pron- body .
-pron- and -pron- husband have , -pron- say , hit the boy only very rarely , and then only on the hand for misbehaving .
the goughs be both commit for trial at shrewsbury assizes and be refuse bail .
however , on 27 february 1945 , mr justice hilbery transfer the case to stafford assizes at the request of counsel .
the trial open at stafford on 15 march 1945 , before mr justice wrottesley .
w. h. cartwright sharp kc prosecute , j. f. bourke represent mr gough , and a. j. long kc represent mrs gough .
the court hear that the goughs ' contract require -pron- to bring up dennis o'neill as one of -pron- own child in return for £ 1 per week .
the court hear much the same testimony as in the committal hearing .
however , -pron- appear that terence have initially be somewhat confused about the sequence of event .
the prosecution claim that dennis be tie to a bench and beat with a stick for eat a swede the day before -pron- die .
dr holloway davies , the local doctor call by mrs gough , testify that when -pron- arrive dennis have be dead for between four and six hour .
that prove that dennis have already be dead for some time when mrs gough call dr davies .
on the second day , reginald gough give evidence .
-pron- claim that -pron- and -pron- wife be kind to the boy and feed -pron- very well .
the boy be frequently naughty , but be rarely discipline .
-pron- claim that the incident with the bench occur , but -pron- be only have a joke , do not actually tie dennis to the bench , do not beat -pron- , and -pron- be all laugh about -pron- .
mrs gough give evidence on the third day of the trial .
-pron- testify that -pron- have marry -pron- husband in february 1942 , have leave the women 's auxiliary air_force ( waaf ) in june 1941 .
-pron- have no child of -pron- own .
-pron- corroborate some of terence 's testimony about -pron- husband 's treatment of dennis , and say -pron- be afraid of -pron- husband and that -pron- believe that have -pron- originally tell the truth to the police -pron- would also be dead .
-pron- husband have tell -pron- that dennis be dead and instruct -pron- to lie to the doctor .
the judge instruct the jury that -pron- could not find mrs gough guilty of manslaughter , since only mr gough be strong enough to have inflict the trauma which kill dennis , but -pron- could still find -pron- guilty of neglect .
on 19 march 1945 , reginald gough be convict of manslaughter and sentence to six year in prison .
esther gough be find guilty of neglect and sentence to six month ' imprisonment .
the jury_deliberated for only twenty minute .
-pron- transpire that gough have be convict of common assault against -pron- wife in 1942 and -pron- have leave -pron- in july of that year , apply for a separation order on the ground of persistent cruelty on 6 august 1942 , but have later return to live with -pron- .
the judge say that -pron- take this into account before sentence -pron- , but -pron- own ill - treatment be no excuse for -pron- neglect of the boy .
the case be first raise in the house of commons on 8 february 1945 , by kenneth lindsay mp .
-pron- be raise on a number of occasion thereafter .
politician and the public be shock by the case , especially that gough have be give custody of the boy although -pron- be know to the police and have a conviction for violence and that no inspection of the boy ' welfare be make until -pron- have be with the gough for six month .
on 22 march 1945 , the home secretary , herbert morrison , announce that a public inquiry would be hold into the case .
sir walter monckton kc be appoint to conduct the inquiry .
the inquiry open at newport civic_centre on 10 april 1945 .
-pron- report on 28 may 1945 .
the report criticise both council involve , but do not name any specific individual(s ) and acknowledge that the failing be not deliberate .
on 26 march 1945 shropshire county council begin -pron- own inquiry , although this be hold in private .
-pron- be chair by sir offley wakeman .
the inquiry report on 30 june 1945 , and call for a thorough reorganisation of the boarding - out of child .
-pron- accept all blame place upon the council by the public inquiry , but do not place any particular blame on any specific individual(s ) .
on 1 january 1947 new home office and ministry of health regulation on the boarding - out of child come into force as a direct result of the monckton report .
the principal requirement be :
the case be a significant contributory_factor lead to the children act 1948 .
in 1947 agatha_christie write a radio play call " three_blind_mice_n" loosely base on the case .
this eventually develop into the long - run play " the mousetrap " .
terry o'neill have publish a non - fiction book about the case .
call " someone to love -pron- " , -pron- be release on 4 march 2010 , the day after what would have be dennis 's 78th birthday .
eurogroup for animals be an organisation base in brussels , belgium , which seek to improve the treatment of animal throughout the european_union , and represent animal_welfare organisation in almost all the european member state .
since -pron- be launch in 1980 , the organisation have succeed in encourage the european_union to adopt high legal standard of animal protection .
-pron- provide advice and expertise on animal_welfare to various european institution , such as the european commission , the council of ministers , and the european parliament .
-pron- also provide the secretariat of the european parliamentary intergroup on the welfare and conservation of animals , which meet at the european parliament in strasbourg once a month .
eurogroup for animals also work closely together with retailer to encourage -pron- to adopt high standard of animal_welfare .
in addition -pron- campaign to improve the situation of farm animal , research animal , and wild animal .
in 2008 , the group lead a campaign to prevent clone for food be approve in the european union
british animal_welfare organisation rspca take the initiative to set up eurogroup for animals after notice more and more legislation relate to animal be be decide at a european level .
thus in 1980 eurogroup for animals be launch become the first coalition of animal_welfare group in europe .
-pron- be also one of the longest establish non - governmental organisation in brussels .
over the year eurogroup for animals have grow to represent animal_welfare organisation in nearly all country of the european_union .
-pron- seize on the european_union ’s expansion into central and east europe to support animal_welfare organisation there .
international organisation such as international fund for animal_welfare , compassion in world farming and world animal_protection be now also member of eurogroup for animals .
in biology , a reticulation of a single - access identification key connect different branch of the identification tree to improve error tolerance and identification success .
in a reticulated key , multiple path lead to the same result ; the tree datum structure thus change from a simple tree to a direct acyclic graph .
two form of reticulation can be distinguish : terminal reticulation and inner reticulation .
reticulation generally improve the usability of a key , but may also diminish the overall probability of correct identification average over all taxa .
1997–98 blackpool f.c. season
the 1997 - 98 season be blackpool f.c. 's 90th season ( 87th consecutive ) in the football_league .
-pron- compete in the 24-team division two , then the third tier of english league football , finish twelfth .
gary_megson leave the club during the close season , in favour of manage stockport county .
-pron- replacement be nigel_worthington , who begin in a player - manager capacity in -pron- first managerial role .
phil clarkson be the club 's top scorer , with sixteen goal ( thirteen in the league , two in the fa_cup and one in the league trophy ) .
pos name p w d l f a pts
nicholas polly ( " bear nicholas joseph polachanin " ) ( april 18 , 1917 in chicago – january 17 , 1993 ) , be a professional baseball player who play third base in the major_leagues for the 1937 brooklyn_dodgers and 1945 boston_red_sox_n.
in probability theory and statistic , the index of dispersion , dispersion index , coefficient of dispersion , relative variance , or variance - to - mean ratio ( vmr ) , like the coefficient of variation , be a normalized measure of the dispersion of a probability distribution : -pron- be a measure use to quantify whether a set of observed occurrence be cluster or disperse compare to a standard statistical model .
-pron- be define as the ratio of the variance 1 to the mean 2 , "
-pron- be also know as the fano factor , though this term be sometimes reserve for " windowed " datum ( the mean and variance be compute over a subpopulation ) , where the index of dispersion be use in the special case where the window be infinite .
windowing datum be frequently do : the vmr be frequently compute over various interval in time or small region in space , which may be call " window " , and the result statistic call the fano factor .
-pron- be only define when the mean 2 be non - zero , and be generally only use for positive statistic , such as count datum or time between event , or where the underlie distribution be assume to be the exponential distribution or poisson distribution .
in this context , the observed dataset may consist of the time of occurrence of predefined event , such as earthquake in a give region over a give magnitude , or of the location in geographical space of plant of a give specie .
detail of such occurrence be first convert into count of the number of event or occurrence in each of a set of equal - sized time- or space - region .
the above define a " dispersion index for count " .
a different definition apply for a " dispersion index for interval " , where the quantity treat be the length of the time - interval between the event .
common usage be that " index of dispersion " mean the dispersion index for count .
some distribution , most notably the poisson distribution , have equal variance and mean , give -pron- a vmr = 1 .
the geometric distribution and the negative binomial distribution have vmr > 1 , while the binomial distribution have vmr < 1 , and the constant random variable have vmr = 0 .
this yield the follow table :
this can be consider analogous to the classification of conic section by eccentricity ; see cumulant of particular probability distribution for detail .
when the coefficient of dispersion be less than 1 , a dataset be say to be " under - disperse " : this condition can relate to pattern of occurrence that be more regular than the randomness associate with a poisson process .
for instance , point spread uniformly in space or regular , periodic event will be under - disperse .
if the index of dispersion be large than 1 , a dataset be say to be over - disperse : this can correspond to the existence of cluster of occurrence .
clumped , concentrated datum be over - disperse .
in term of the interval - count , over - dispersion correspond to there be more interval with low count and more interval with high count , compare to a poisson distribution : in contrast , under - dispersion be characterise by there be more interval have count close to the mean count , compare to a poisson distribution .
the relevance of the index of dispersion be that -pron- have a value of one when the probability distribution of the number of occurrence in an interval be a poisson distribution .
thus the measure can be use to assess whether observed datum can be model use a poisson process .
a sample - base estimate of the dispersion index can be use to construct a formal statistical hypothesis test for the adequacy of the model that a series of count follow a poisson distribution .
the vmr be a good measure of the degree of randomness of a give phenomenon .
this technique be also commonly use in currency management .
for randomly diffuse particle ( brownian_motion ) , the distribution of the number of particle inside a give volume be poissonian , i.e. vmr=1 .
therefore , to assess if a give spatial pattern ( assume -pron- have a way to measure -pron- ) be due purely to diffusion or if some particle - particle interaction be involve : divide the space into patch , quadrats or sample unit ( su ) , count the number of individual in each patch or su , and compute the vmr .
vmr significantly high than 1 denote
a cluster distribution , where random walk be not enough to smother the attractive inter - particle potential .
the first to discuss the use of a test to detect deviation from a poisson or binomial distribution appear to have be lexis in 1877 .
one of the test -pron- develop be the lexis ratio .
this index be first use in botany by clapham in 1936 .
if the variate be poisson distribute then the index of dispersion be distribute as a χ statistic with " n " - 1 degree of freedom when " n " be large and be " μ " > 3 .
for many case of interest this approximation be accurate and fisher in 1950 derive an exact test for -pron- .
hoel study the first four moment of -pron- distribution .
-pron- find that the approximation to the χ statistic be reasonable if " μ " > 5 .
tom_arscott ( bear 25 august 1987 ) be a rugby union player .
arscott join bristol from plymouth_albion before the start of the 2007–08 guinness_premiership season , join -pron- brother luke who have join from the same team the season before .
-pron- make an immediate impact , perform well in the pre - season friendly impress and then make -pron- first competitive start in the guinness_premiership at sale before score in front of the home crowd the week after .
-pron- join worcester warriors in june 2010 but leave in july 2012 .
on 13 july 2012 , arscott join newly promote club london welsh in the aviva_premiership .
on 21 march 2013 , tom_arscott join sale_sharks from london welsh to stay in the aviva_premiership .
on 19 january 2017 , arscott have -pron- contract terminate by sale_sharks after an internal investigation find that -pron- leak confidential team information to bristol before -pron- premiership game_on 1 january .
ravenglass and eskdale_railway locomotive
this article give detail of the locomotive use on the ravenglass and eskdale_railway , a narrow gauge preserve railway line run for from ravenglass on the cumbrian coast to dalegarth near the village of boot , in eskdale .
the first gauge locomotive operate on the line , build by bassett - lowke of northampton in 1912 as " prins olaf " for a railway in cristiania ( now oslo ) , norway .
-pron- arrive for the line 's opening in 1915 to muncaster_mill .
-pron- be a bassett - lowke class 30 4 - 4 - 2 locomotive and be paint in the dark blue livery of narrow gauge railway .
-pron- be withdraw from traffic in the mid-1920 and part of -pron- be incorporate into " river mite " of 1927 .
-pron- lead pony truck be reuse under the " passenger tractor " of 1929 for many year .
an identical locomotive , " synolda " , now reside in ravenglass railway museum .
a bassett - lowke class 60 4 - 6 - 2 , build in 1913 for captain je howey , later of romney , hythe & dymchurch railway fame , and name " john anthony " .
-pron- arrive at the same time as " katie " in 1916 and be nearly destroy in a collision with " muriel " in 1925 .
however , -pron- run after overhaul until 1927 , when -pron- be dismantle and utilise as part of the new " river mite " 4 - 6 - 0 - 0 - 6 - 4 four - cylinder locomotive .
a 0 - 8 - 0 t , construct for the duffield bank railway by sir arthur heywood in 1894 .
-pron- arrive in ravenglass via the gretna munition factory in 1917 with " ella " and be principally use on stone train .
" muriel " receive a major overhaul and rebuild at murthwaite in 1927 , become a 0 - 8 - 2 tender locomotive name " river irt " .
-pron- have remain in traffic on passenger duty ever since and be now the old work gauge locomotive in the world .
in 1972 -pron- be rebuild to a narrow gauge outline with a raise cab , and be then re - boiler in 1977 , give the locomotive -pron- current appearance .
-pron- have visit the national railway museum in york and be part of the ratty fleet at the liverpool and gateshead garden festival railways in 1984 and 1990 .
the livery of the loco be currently mid - green with yellow and black lining .
sir arthur heywood 's 0 - 6 - 0 t of 1881 , build for -pron- duffield bank railway , -pron- arrive with " muriel " in 1917 .
ten year later come the decision to convert the locomotive into an internal_combustion machine , after year of regular use on granite train from beckfoot quarry .
-pron- frame become part of " icl no . 2 " .
a 4 - 6 - 2 tender locomotive , similar to " colossus " , build by hunt of southampton in 1919 .
the engine become the railway 's new flagship locomotive on passenger duty and replace " sans_pareil " on in everyday usage .
in 1927 the engine be dismantle and use in the construction of the new " river mite " locomotive , the run gear of the locomotive combine with that of " colossus " give the railway a new four - cylinder machine for the 1928 season .
a 0 - 4 - 0 t build by sir arthur heywood in 1896 for the duke of westminster 's eaton hall railway .
-pron- come to ravenglass in 1916 and leave in 1919 .
few photograph survive of -pron- work in cumbria , however the remain of the locomotive return to the railway in 1982 after spell at llewellyn 's miniature_railway , southport and the fairbourne railway , wales .
in 1992 , the r&er heritage group form , with an aim to restore the locomotive to original condition , a project which be now well underway , with the boiler mount on the frame .
build in 1923 as a 2 - 8 - 2 by davey paxman of colchester and design by henry greenly , -pron- be design to haul both stone and passenger train , however soon find more use on passenger traffic .
-pron- be paint work grey in 1924 , then lms red with black and straw line to 1927 .
-pron- be repaint mid green with black and yellow lining during a rebuild in 1928 by the yorkshire engine co. , when the engine receive a poultney steam tender , make the loco a 2 - 8 - 2 - 0 - 8 - 0 .
this prove unsuccessful and be soon remove , instead be utilise nearly forty year later as part of the second " river mite " , after languish at murthwaite .
the locomotive be out of use from 1940 to 1952 , survive into the preservation era and be repaint in a new livery of lnwr black in 1967 and receive a new tender in 1970 .
in 1983 , the " esk " be fit with a gas - producer boiler and receive an award from british coal , however this have be out of use since 2001 .
the locomotive have visit the romney , hythe and dymchurch railway several time and be a predecessor to that railway 's greenly pacific locomotive .
the engine be currently in blackberry black of the lnwr with red , off - white and black lining .
construct at murthwaite with a new boiler and the run gear of " colossus " and " sir aubrey brocklebank " in 1927 , the first " river mite " be an unsuccessful four - cylinder locomotive of the railway 's own design .
-pron- last a decade in traffic before scrap , the locomotive be too lightly build for the amount of work and the steepness of the gradient of the line .
use the former poultney 0 - 8 - 0 tender chassis , fit to " river esk " from 1928 to 1931 , the new preservation_society in 1963 start fund raising and order -pron- to be build into a 2 - 8 - 2 locomotive , which be design and complete by clarksons of york .
-pron- be deliver in december 1966 haul by traction engine providence , and commission on 20 may 1967 .
-pron- presence enable the railway to operate a long and more intensive summer service .
-pron- be in many way similar to the " river esk " , use that loco 's original 1923 couple wheel in the yorkshire engine company frame but different front and a rear cortazzi truck , with a miniature main line outline style on an lner
gresley 2 - 8 - 2 p1 loco and an lmsr stanier tender .
the cost be some £ 8,000 , entirely raise by voluntary subscription as be all the major maintenance cost .
after heavy overhauls in 1977 and 2006/7 , -pron- celebrate -pron- fortieth year at ravenglass in 2007 own by the r&er preservation_society .
the locomotive be paint in the indian red of the furness railway , with yellow and black ( now vermilion and black ) lining , apart from a short period in cherry red from 1972 to 1977
after undertake trial with the romney , hythe & dymchurch railway no . 2 , " northern chief " in 1972 , the railway company decide to construct a new 2 - 6 - 2 locomotive , originally to be name " sir arthur heywood " .
the railway receive funding from the northern_rock building society and so the locomotive be name after -pron- chief sponsor .
-pron- enter traffic in 1976 and have visit many railway , as far away as dresden , germany , to publicise the railway .
two similar locomotive have be build at ravenglass for the shuzenji romney railway in japan , " northern_rock ii " and " cumbria " , in 1989 and 1992 , respectively .
the livery of the engine be highland railway muscat green with red and dark green lining .
originally a gauge 0 - 4 - 0wt build by kerr stuart in 1900 for dundee gaswork , the engine be buy by ian fraser around 1960 ( who take -pron- case to build a loco_shed in -pron- garden to the secretary of state for scotland ) and donate to the railway in 1976 .
after a rebuild , -pron- emerge as an 0 - 4 - 2 t in 1982 , with the side tank from ' ella ' , and be use on winter and other light train .
1996 see the locomotive rebuild again with a new boiler and reverse southern valve gear replace the original inside stephenson 's valve gear , this time incorporate a tender .
currently -pron- be out of traffic and visit the windmill farm railway in 2007 - 10 on static display .
the engine be paint in the bronze green livery of the north british railway .
sister locomotive to " sans_pareil " , build in 1912 by bassett - lowke of northampton .
-pron- arrive at the r&er in 1978 and be restore to run condition in two year by apprentice from british_nuclear_fuels_nat the nearby sellafield plant .
-pron- currently reside in ravenglass museum , although the locomotive be in operational condition and appear in steam at special event .
the livery be royal blue of narrow gauge railway .
an 0 - 4 - 0 vertical boilered tank engine , build for ian fraser of arbroath in 1987 .
after fraser 's death in 1992 , the engine return to ravenglass and operate during gala and " thomas " event in the 1990 .
-pron- be now store unserviceable in the ravenglass museum compound .
the livery be that of the north eastern railway .
" siân " be a 2 - 4 - 2 currently at the windmill farm railway , however -pron- be own by the siân project group , who be member of the r&er preservation_society .
the locomotive be build by guest engineering of stourbridge in 1963 for the fairbourne railway in wales and then work at the bure valley railway after the fairbourne be re - gauge .
-pron- be currently in a maroon livery .
-pron- have an extended visit to ravenglass between april 2008 and april 2009 but be now back in lancashire .
build in 1929 at krauss , munich , no . 8457 , formerly name " pinta " , be a 4 - 6 - 2 locomotive build to work at the ibero - american exposition of 1929 .
after operate there throughout the exposition , -pron- be then use occasionally until 1932 before be place in storage until the 1960 , when -pron- be purchase along with -pron- sister locomotive to run on a park railway in madrid , though -pron- be unknown if no . 8457 ever run there .
in the 2000s -pron- be then purchase by a group intend to start up a railway in barcelona , but this project never materialise and the locomotive remain in storage .
in 2015 , the locomotive be purchase by the r&erps as part of the ' train from spain ' appeal and arrive in cumbria in february 2016 , with the chassis move to ravenglass later that month .
the locomotive have make -pron- first move under -pron- own steam , but require a new tender before -pron- can enter service .
-pron- be currently in crimson lake livery , though -pron- livery upon enter traffic shall be caledonian railway style blue , as vote for by member of the r&erps .
a rebuild of a " crewe tractor " , a first world war rail - mount ford model - t car with a 0 - 4 - 0 chain couple wheel arrangement and a build - in turntable in order for -pron- to change direction .
-pron- be use from 1923 to 1925 until the magneto break the gearbox_casing .
the engine be rebuild in 1926 , with new running gear use the onetime sand hutton coach 's bogie give a 2-b petrol mechanical locomotive with a steeple cab wooden body .
the loco in this form take and still hold the speed record for the line come down from dalegarth cottages to ravenglass drive by cecil j allan in some 14 minute .
this body last until october 1928 , when -pron- be damage in a collision with " icl no . 2 " near muncaster_mill .
the loco receive -pron- current body during extensive repair .
-pron- continue in occasional use with light train until the mid-1950 but be supersede as the other internal_combustion loco use cheap tax free tvo and could haul full length train .
-pron- be operable until -pron- have the engine remove in 1961 and become a toolvan or ' the caboose ' for the permanent way gang .
-pron- be now undergo restoration to work condition with -pron- ford t engine .
1927 see the appearance of this 2 - 6 - 2 petrol mechanical locomotive , stem from a lanchester model 38 tour car chassi mount on the run gear component of " ella " with the frame fit to new cast stretcher .
the engine and transmission from the " lanchester " , work a parsons marine reverse box with chain to the rod final drive , within a teak body similar to that carry on " icl no . 1 " .
-pron- survive collide with this loco in 1928 and be later withdraw after push a big - end through the crank case the following year .
-pron- haul passenger train and the heavy stone train with equal ease but once the line to murthwaite be construct and the second muir - hill loco convert for run at passenger train speed , icl 2 lose -pron- role and be never rebuild .
by the 1950 the frame and wheel still lie beside the line at murthwaite .
chronologically , " ng 41 " be the third of the muir - hill fordson tractor to be acquire by the railway .
-pron- be build in 1929 in manchester and buy by the railway in order to haul stone train between beckfoot quarry , murthwaite crushing_plant and ravenglass .
after 1953 , when the quarry close , " ng 41 " be cannibalise for part like the worm gear for the other two fordson locomotive .
the chassis lie at murthwaite until -pron- be scrap in early 1972 , however the wheel be use in the regauging of " bonnie dundee " .
" ng 39 " be the second muir - hill fordson_tractor to be buy by the railway for quarry traffic .
-pron- arrive in 1929 , three year after the original tractor , and be rebuild as a steam - outline diesel 0 - 4 - 4 use the front bogie off " sans_pareil " in 1933 for occasional use on passenger train .
in this guise -pron- be know as the " passenger tractor " and in the 1970s nickname " pretender " .
-pron- work through the war and handle the first passenger service after the end of the conflict in may 1945 .
in 1975 the hand crank start petrol / tvo ( tractor vaporise oil ) engine be replace with a perkins p6 diesel , give the loco a modern radiator_grill at the front .
in 1984 , the loco be rebuild again , however this time -pron- lose -pron- fake steam outline and become an 0 - 4 - 2 similar to an industrial diesel shunter .
-pron- be name " perkins " in 1985 and be give a twin - disc transmission in 1990 revert to an 0 - 4 - 4 .
-pron- main use be on permanent way train be capable of slow speed work for flail mowing and weed killing .
-pron- be currently paint yellow and black .
the first muir - hill quarry tractor arrive in 1926 for use on the granite traffic but be use on passenger train on busy day .
-pron- gain an open - back enclose cab .
in 1953 -pron- exchange component with " ng 41 " .
-pron- be for a time use on relief passenger service with the " passenger tractor " until shelagh of eskdale be upgrade in 1975 .
up until 1979 -pron- be use regularly on work train and have now be restore to original condition and be part of the museum collection .
-pron- last scheduled passenger run be a special for the cumbrian railways association in 1979 , although -pron- have operate informal after - hour special on occasion since .
look after by the murthwaite locomotive group , -pron- be currently operational and see usage on permanent way duty , specifically ballast train , in winter 2007 .
an experimental b - b diesel hydraulic locomotive acquire by the railway in 1961 from the romney , hythe & dymchurch railway , who have triall -pron- and find -pron- not powerful enough .
-pron- be build in 1956 by charles lane of the royal anchor hotel in hampshire .
-pron- use a ford 4d engine and a hydraulic drive , reputedly use part from naval gun_turrets , and could haul three full open bogie coach but struggle with four .
without brake other than put the transmission into reverse , -pron- ability to stop be limit until -pron- could operate with the first r&er air brake coach around 1973 .
-pron- be out of use in 1968 after fail to stop for cow on the crossing at muncaster_mill .
nevertheless , -pron- otherwise give good service on the overnight and first morning round trip train .
in the high summer season of 1975 -pron- double head " shelagh of eskdale " when the latter be incapable of haul a heavy train .
-pron- be supersede by the completion of the " silver_jubilee " railcar in 1977 .
in 1978 -pron- be sell on to steamtown , carnforth .
however , after this railway close to the public david smith of carnforth then sell " royal anchor " to american film director francis_ford_coppola_nin 2000 for use on a railway in one of -pron- californian vineyard .
the engine first go to the golden_gate railroad museum for repair .
the locomotive be currently in storage on the coppola estate .
" tom jones ' diesel " be a 4 - 6 - 4 diesel - hydraulic locomotive partially build by heathcotes of cleator_moor in 1956 - 7 .
the run gear utilise part from " ella " , specifically the crankwebs ( 5 of 6 original survive ) and centre drum of the slide axle , as a repair for accountancy purpose .
unusually for a diesel_locomotive , the drive axle be link by coupling rod , as for a steam_locomotive .
when the line be up for sale the construction be put on hold .
however , in 1969 the chassi be send away to severn - lamb of stratford - on - avon for completion to a design by david curwen .
originally the engine be a ford 4d , as in " royal anchor " , and have a linde hydrostatic_transmission that suffer cavitation problem on hot day of constant operation ; this transmission be upgrade and the engine be replace in 1975 by a perkins 6/354 .
in september 1981 the loco go to the romney , hythe & dymchurch railway to work the school train service during the decision to build and the construction of " john southland " .
shortly after -pron- return to ravenglass , in 1983 , -pron- go briefly to britannia park , then to the international garden festival railway at liverpool from march until october 1984 , haul hm_queen_elizabeth_non the opening_day .
subsequently -pron- also operate at the gateshead garden festival from february to october 1990 .
in 1998 the engine be rebuild into a diesel - mechanical locomotive when -pron- gain a ford industrial engine with spicer compact shuttle transmission .
-pron- be currently a mixed traffic engine and use throughout the year .
-pron- livery be originally blue with a silver roof , but have be two - tone green of various shade since 1978 .
the " silver_jubilee " railcar be a set of coach which first appear in an embryonic stage in september 1976 as a single coach fit with the ford d engine and linde transmission formerly in shalagh of eskdale , and centreless bogie .
the three - car unit be name and launch in may 1977 at the inauguration of the railway 's radio control system , the extra coach be a drive trailer with air throttle control at the ravenglass end and a pip centre coach , which be later modify as a saloon for wheelchair access .
the original livery be silver with the official queens silver_jubilee vinyl badge use on bus , and later a blue line .
during -pron- operating lifetime , the set be first use on a shuttle service from ravenglass to the newly open muncaster_mill , and then largely on the first morning round trip and " overnight " train , the latter throughout the winter .
although gear for speed a time run , in special condition in november 1979 , of 17 min from dalegarth to ravenglass could not break the end - to - end line speed record hold by icl no . 1 , from forty year before .
first the original powercar in 1983 and then in early 1984 both end drive coach be fit with automatic_gearboxes with electric direction control and air for throttle .
in 1984 the unit go to the liverpool garden festival railway , with an extra semi - open coach add in the middle of the formation .
for this event -pron- carry the br intercity executive livery , the first vehicle in the country to do so after the concept coach , use the official br paint .
in subsequent year this livery see detail change as the main line hst livery evolve .
after the school train , overnight and winter service stop in 2001 , " silver_jubilee " lose -pron- particular role .
latterly repaint in first group ' barbie ' blue and pink / white_striped livery , -pron- be finally withdraw after a trial visit as a 2 car unit to the cleethorpes coast light railway in 2003 , and have now be completely convert into loco haul coaching stock .
the centre saloon remain disabled saloon number 123 , the centre semi - open number 126 be rebuild to a disabled saloon with new structure under the old roof , the drive trailer be now saloon 136 and the drive car have be convert into disabled saloon 137 .
" lady wakefield " , known_colloquially as " doris " , be a b - b diesel - mechanical locomotive complete at ravenglass in 1980 and design by ian smith , the railway 's chief engineer at the time , base on a layout proposal by neil simpkins for the romney , hythe & dymchurch railway .
-pron- be build with a 112  bhp perkins 6/354 engine , identical to that in shelagh of eskdale at the time .
the engine have a twin_disc gearbox and driveshaft to each end , along with chain - couple wheel in centreless bogie .
shortly after commission in august 1980 , the engine go to new romney to prove diesel traction be capable of handle the require load and speed on the rh&dr .
the cab have be make to fit through that line 's restrict loading gauge under the littlestone road tunnel .
while at romney , " lady wakefield " show that a single diesel_locomotive be capable of pull the heavy sixteen coach school train .
-pron- become the basis for -pron- two diesel_engines , " john southland " and " captain howey " , build by tma engineering with a heavy slab frame and shaft couple wheel , and the " john southland ii " , build for shujenji in japan and triall at ravenglass in 1989 .
the engine be also use as the template for a small gauge diesel , " lady of the lakes " for the ruislip_lido railway , that be also construct at ravenglass .
-pron- be name by the wife of lord_wavell wakefield and use on permanent way duty throughout the year and passenger work in the summer .
-pron- be originally paint maroon with yellow , later with various bright red stripe , then blue with yellow end and drs style motif , and currently carry british railways brunswick green livery with small yellow warning panel , similar to a british rail class 20 .
" greenbat " , also know as " u2 " , be one of many battery electric_locomotives that be build in leed by greenwood & batley .
this particular engine be build in 1957 for thomas marshall & co. of storrs bridge fireclay mine in yorkshire .
-pron- builder ’s number be 2872 and be originally build to an unusual gauge of .
when the mine close , the engine be bring to ravenglass in 1982 , where the wheel be re - profile to the ratty 's gauge and then become a versatile engine with which to shunt coach stock .
-pron- await refurbishment at ravenglass .
name after former company employee , cyril holland , " cyril " be formerly name " shabtrak " , and be one of many industrial narrow gauge diesel build by r.a. lister .
-pron- be build in 1932 , use on a peat_bog railway not far from manchester and first preserve at the moseley railway trust , in stockport , in -pron- original form of an open sided cab and on gauge .
when the engine arrive on the r&er in 1985 , the volunteer for refurbish " shabtrak " use part from another lister locomotive and a 2-cylinder , lister engine to rebuild -pron- to gauge .
at the same time -pron- fit a new cab and bonnet , in the style of a lister blackstone rm2 .
the engine now have full electrical , radio and air brake system for work light passenger train in emergency and in 1989 be re - engin with a 20 h.p . 
lister engine to improve performance .
-pron- be rebodi in 2006 by ian page engineering of millom .
-pron- be currently paint dark green , and be own by the murthwaite locomotive group .
own by dr. bob tebb , " blacolvesley " be the old workable internal_combustion locomotive in the world .
-pron- be build by bassett - lowke in 1909 utilise part of henry greenly 's class 10 atlantic locomotive .
originally , -pron- be fit with a nag 12/14  h.p .
engine , which be later replace with an austin 8 engine at saltbur .
however , the original transmission , gearbox and bevel drive all remain in use .
-pron- be build for charles bartholomew of blakesley hall , but the engine have have a varied history since leave there in 1939 .
-pron- be later name " elizabeth " and be keep on the railway at saltburn , haswell lodge and lightwater_valley up until 1994 , although have be inoperable since the mid-1970 .
when -pron- arrive at ravenglass , -pron- be successfully restart and operate in august 1994 .
-pron- be now paint in -pron- original colour once again and operate at gala event .
the locomotive celebrate -pron- 100th birthday in 2009 and have be on static display at the railway museum at cleethorpes from 2010 to present .
les be a unique lister diesel_locomotive – the only gauge locomotive construct as such by r.a. lister – build in 1960 for mr. j. lemon - burton , of west sussex .
when -pron- die , the engine go to the bredgar and wormshill light railway in kent .
here -pron- gain the number 21 and the present name and livery .
the engine 's top speed be and be use by the fitter for minor shunting activity in the confine of ravenglass station .
-pron- be currently in lister dark green with cream stripe at one end .
in july 2004 , the r&er preservation_society place an order with tma engineering of birmingham for a new b - b diesel hydraulic locomotive , that be to be fund by the society .
-pron- be deliver the following year and name after the recently decease former general_manager , douglas ferreira .
-pron- be a diesel - hydraulic locomotive , with a perkins 4-cylinder turbocharged_engine , which be more compact yet even more powerful than that on lady wakefield , and be essentially a development of the quarter - century elder loco .
the run gear with shaft couple wheel be similar to the romney diesel but inset with footwell at each end of the steel slab frame .
the engine have prove to be a great success , use a modern low - emission power unit with complete reliability .
-pron- have be in almost daily service since -pron- commissioning and be easy to operate , service , and maintain .
-pron- be lease by the society to the company , carry a furness railway indian red livery match that on the preservation_society 's other locomotive , " river mite " .
-pron- operate at the bure valley railway gala in september 2009 .
for the construction of the railway by ambrose oliver , the ' contractor 's locomotive ' be note in report in the whitehaven news at work in late 1874 but -pron- identity and -pron- subsequent history have never be determine .
just before the opening of the gauge line to good in may 1875 an 0 - 6 - 0 tank locomotive be obtain from man wardle .
-pron- work number be 545 and -pron- be name " devon " .
a second , similar , locomotive follow in october 1876 before the line open to passenger .
this be man wardle work number 629 , name " nabb gill"[sic ] .
the design be a ' special ' develop from design for russia from 1871 , and repeat for the malta railway from 1880 .
the manning wardle loco have heavy repair one at a time at the lowca engine work around 1892 - 5 , with the fitting of westinghouse air brake equipment and new smokebox .
in 1905 a derailment at murthwaite halt involve a loco with the boiler from " nabb gill " and the side tank of " devon " , but only " devon " be work during the later year to the end of gauge service in april 1913 .
both loco be go , presume scrap , by late 1915 .
in december 1929 , a 0 - 6 - 0 diesel_locomotive be obtain to work the ravenglass - murthwaite section .
-pron- be build by kerr stuart ( work number 4421 ) and have a six - cylinder , , mclaren - benz engine .
transmission be mechanical and final drive be by roller chain .
in 1955 -pron- be sell , through a dealer , to the national coal board for use at wingate grange colliery , durham .
a new dorman engine of be fit in 1960 .
-pron- be now preserve at the foxfield light railway , restore to original external condition , and be display at ravenglass in the summer of 2000 .
an unidentified standard gauge muir - hill loco be also note at murthwaite around 1954 .
the historic triune masonic_temple be a meetinghouse of freemasonry in saint paul , minnesota , united_states , build in 1910 in the neo - classical_revival_style_n, design by henry c. struchen ( 1871–1947 ) .
the structure be build for triune lodge
no . 190 , af & am .
-pron- be one of the early and good preserve building erect exclusively for the use of a single masonic_lodge .
henry struchen , although not an architect , be a contractor and designer .
-pron- be a member of triune lodge and a prominent builder in the city .
opening_ceremonies for the building be hold thursday , march 2 , 1911 .
triune masonic_temple be recognize for -pron- historic and architectural significance by be place on the national register of historic_places on november 13 , 1980 .
stylistically the temple be a good example of the neo - classical_revival of the open decade of the twentieth_century .
the exterior be virtually_unchanged while the interior retain -pron- classic integrity and remain substantially intact .
the front facade feature four doric_columns , pediment window and a decorative_cornice , while the lodge room -pron- be adorn with stately pillar represent the five classical order of architecture .
the front of the building give a hint of the grandeur inside .
the interior cherry and maple woodwork and many of the original furnishing remain .
the building be notable because -pron- incorporate element of masonic ritual into -pron- architectural design .
the historic triune masonic_temple be the last remaining historic masonic_temple within the city of saint paul and minneapolis .
the temple be the home of saint paul lodge number
three a. f. & a. m. of minnesota .
imagination 's light be the seventh studio album ( ninth album overall ) from american new - age pianist kevin kern .
as with -pron- precede album , -pron- be an album of instrumental song , this time with one song be a cover version of a song by sting .
-pron- be release on july 19 , 2005 .
this album reveal kern 's technique of make song ever since -pron- be a child : sit by the piano in a darken room and let the light of imagination guide -pron- .
the liner_notes mention that -pron- do this until now .
before create this album , kern be invite to become a steinway_artist , and as such play a steinway_piano for " imagination 's light " .
in the accompanying booklet , kevin kern mention base " keepers of the flame " on an ancient gregorian_chant call " pange lingua " .
-pron- be dedicated to pope john paul ii .
" all track by kevin kern except track 5 , write by sting . "
as a child , kevin would sit in a room light only by firelight , allow -pron- imagination to bring the image and emotion that -pron- then combine with -pron- immense talent into musical expression .
to this day kevin darken the studio light to compose -pron- uniquely exquisite piano music , accompany only by imagination 's light .
le grand duc be a " lucky luke " adventure write by goscinny and illustrate by morris .
-pron- be the fortieth book in the series and -pron- be originally publish in french in the year 1973 .
the story be loosely base on the grand duke alexei alexandrovich of russia , who undertake a tour of america in 1870 - 1871 .
the russian grand duke leonid pay a diplomatic visit to the united_states , but in order for an important treaty to be complete , -pron- first want to have a recreational trip through the west , complete with bandit and indian attack !
lucky luke be assign as a bodyguard to the duke , who be quickly target by all sort of villainous person - first and foremost a russian anarchist who try -pron- good ( or bad ) to assassinate the grand duke .
:
take that everything change uk cd1.jpg
domestic violence in bolivia
domestic violence in bolivia be a pervasive and underreported problem .
accord to the center for the information and development of women ( cidem ) , 70 percent of woman suffer some form of abuse .
cidem note that -pron- 2006 statistic " do not reflect the full magnitude of the problem of violence against woman " and that " a great number of woman " do not report the aggression -pron- face on a daily basis .
the most exhaustive national survey on domestic violence conduct by the national statistical institute in 2003 show 64 percent of woman be the target of some form of emotional , physical , or sexual_abuse from -pron- partner .
in 2013 , bolivia pass a new comprehensive domestic violence law , which outlaw many form of abuse of woman , include marital rape .
as of november 26 , 2006 , the police family protection brigade have attend to 8,954 case , as compare to approximately 5,200 in 2005 , and 3,640 be case of repeat_offenders .
-pron- be estimate that most case of domestic violence go unreported .
ilya gershevitch ( bear 1914 in zürich , die 2001 in cambridge ) be a note expert on iran .
gershevitch be bear to russian parent flee from germany to switzerland at the outbreak of world war i.
-pron- enrol in the university of rome in 1933 , and move to england in 1938 .
in 1948 , -pron- become the first holder of a new lectureship in iranian studies at cambridge university .
-pron- become a fellow of the british academy in 1967 and later a correspond member of both the accademia dei lincei and the russian academy .
in 1971 -pron- receive an honorary_doctorate from the university of berne .
-pron- work include pioneering study of the bashkardi dialect , the decipherment of bactrian , besides contribution to sogdian and avestan philology , ossetic , elamite and zoroastrian study and achaemenid history .
photo # : nh 1422
watercolor on silk , depict idaho under full sail follow -pron- conversion to a storeship .
the mount of the original painting be inscribe : " december 8th 1867 ... run 130 mile in 8 hour .
e.r. nagasaki , japan . "
collection of president franklin_d._roosevelt_n.
u.s. naval historical center photograph .
domestic violence in brazil
domestic violence in brazil involve any type of violence or abuse by intimate partner or family member against one another .
the majority of domestic violence case in brazil be perform by the man against -pron- female partner .
in 2015 , the government release a study that show that at every seven minute a woman be a victim of domestic violence in brazil , over 70 % of the brazilian female population will suffer some kind of violence throughout -pron- lifetime and 1 in every 4 woman report be a victim of psychological or physical violence .
although brazil acknowledge that domestic violence be a problem in the 1940 , the government have only act upon -pron- from 1980s onwards , with the creation of the women police stations ( delegacia da mulher ) and later in 2006 , with the publication of the domestic_violence law .
domestic violence be legally define in article 5 of the domestic_violence law of 2006 as " any action or omission of action motivate by gender that result in death , lesion , physical , sexual or psychological suffering , moral or patrimonial hazard " .
although the legal definition be explain extensively in the law , the identification of domestic violence be a responsibility of the victim or close relative .
accord to the ngo " marias " , there be several cause to the practice of domestic violence , such as alcoholism , adultery , jealousy , drug , financial problem , and , accord to professor matthew guttmann , anthropologist that study masculinity for the brown university , the main because of domestic violence be sexism or machismo ( in portuguese ) .
in -pron- study , professor guttmann prove that , against the common belief , the male violent behavior be not physiological or biological characteristic , but be the result of the culture of " machismo , " predominant in most society , that reinforce the man 's superiority to woman .
in the brazil colony period , man be consider to be " owner " of woman -pron- marry , entitle to beat , violent or even kill , if necessary .
a research conduct by un women and grupo boticário show that even nowadays , 95 % of woman and 81 % of interview man agree with the affirmation that " machismo " be predominant in brazil .
accord to professor stela meneghel , post - doctor physician specialize in gender study , the violence practice against woman aim to keep -pron- in an inferior position in relation to man , while man usually fall -pron- have to " educate " woman about -pron- duty and -pron- position .
a study from the " instituto_de pesquisa econômica aplicada ( ipea ) " show evidence of widespread " machismo " in brazil .
accord to the 2014 study , brazilian society still believe in a patriarchal nuclear family in which the man be perceive as the breadwinner , but -pron- right over woman and child be restrict and exclude open and extreme form of violence .
the woman , on the other side , should " give -pron- respect " and behave accord to the traditional family model .
the survey reveal acceptance of some kind of intervention in domestic violence theme : 85 % of interviewee respond that in case of violence , the couple should divorce ; and over 90 % agree that man that beat woman should go to jail .
the survey also show that the brazilian population be well informed regard the origin of violence , 75 % of interviewee disagree that violence be part of the male nature .
however , there be evidence of widespread sexism , 58,5 % of the interviewee believe that if woman know how to behave , there would be less rape case and over 65 % of interviewee agree that woman that use clothe that show -pron- body deserve to be attack .
there be also evidence of the widespread belief that the victim of violence should be the one to take action against -pron- as report that 65,1 % of the interviewee report that victim of domestic violence that do not leave the abusive partner , like to be beat .
this assumption ignore all the social and psychological issue involve in an abusive relationship that may retrain a victim of domestic violence from report and leave an abusive relationship .
there be research that propose a positive correlation between financial difficulty and violence : in scenario of economical uncertainty and instability , the woman be 1/3 more likely to be victim of domestic violence .
a research conduct by " datasenado " in 2015 show that 100 % of the woman interview know about the existence of the maria_da_penha_nlaw , show the increase education of the female population regard -pron- right .
however , 43 % report not to be treat with respect , an increase of 8 percentage point ( vs 2013 survey ) , which may also indicate a change of the common belief of what if to be " treat right " .
in addition , woman report -pron- feel more safe and start to identify and report more frequently the domestic violence case .
the same research show that approximately 21 % of the victim of domestic violence do not look for help and the main reason report be concern with child ( 24 % ) , fear of aggressor 's revenge ( 21 % ) , belief that the episode would be the last one ( 16 % ) , disbelief in the appropriate legal consequence ( 10 % ) and shame ( 7 % ) .
a survey from the justice ministry reveal that 80 % of the domestic violence victim do not want the aggressor to be imprison .
the victim offer alternative solution , such as psychological treatment ( 40 % ) , aggressor discussion group ( 30 % ) and mandatory service to the community ( 10 % ) and 9 % of the woman interview report -pron- feel totally or partially guilty by the violence suffer .
to the professor cristiane brandão , criminal law professor at the federal university of rio_de_janeiro_n( ufrj ) , these number be the result of the predominant patriarchal and sexist brazilian society .
the brazilian constitution of 1988 preview equal right to man and woman , however , the first legal formalization against domestic violence be publish only 18 year after constitution .
the brazilian famous law , " lei maria_da_penha_n" be the result of an international process lead by maria_da_penha_n-pron- .
a victim of domestic violence , maria_da_penha_nfernandes , be shoot at by -pron- husband with a rifle , who also try to electrocute -pron- in the bathroom .
as a consequence , -pron- become paralytic and start a long battle in court to convict -pron- husband .
in the 1990 , maria_da_penha_nappeal to the inter - american commission on human_rights and , in 2001 , -pron- be able obtain justice and hold the brazilian government accountable for judicial tolerance of domestic violence .
the commission also recommend that the brazilian government adopt more effective measure against woman violence .
the first legal form of protection for victim of domestic violence be publish on august 7 , 2006 by president lula , who sign the law of domestic and family violence , also know as lei maria_da_penha_n.
the law preview mainly five type of domestic violence , as present below :
brazilian law prohibit domestic violence , and the government have take step that specifically address violence against woman and spousal_abuse .
the law triple previous punishment for those convict of such crime , and also create special court in all state to preside over these case .
-pron- be also the first official codification of domestic violence crime .
the superior_court of justice ( brazil ) have reinforce the law , by start legal process with only the violence event police report with no need of the violence victim be present or be the main complainer .
in 2009 , the criminal code be update to consider rape as a crime against the dignity and the sexual liberty , recognize that all individual , independently of gender , have the right to demand respect to -pron- sexual life and the obligation to respect the sexual option of other people .
in 2015 , president dilma_rousseff approve the feminicide law that alter the brazilian criminal_code to preview the feminicide as type of homicide and a hideous crime .
feminice be the murder of woman simply by -pron- condition of woman .
feminicide crime be motivate by hate , despise or the sentiment of loss of property over the woman .
the law preview aggravate condition that increase the legal penalty in 1/3 , such as ( i ) crime commit during pregnancy or 3 month after child labor , ( ii ) crime commit against woman less than 14 year old , more than 60 year old or with disability , ( iii ) crime commit in the presence of the parent or the child of the victim .
" delegacia da mulher " :
the government act to combat violence against woman .
each state secretariat for public security operate " delegacia da mulher " ( deam ) .
these police station be dedicate exclusively to address crime against woman .
the quality of service vary widely , and availability be particularly limit in isolated area .
the station provide psychological_counseling , temporary shelter , and hospital treatment for victim of domestic violence and rape ( include treatment for hiv and other sexually_transmitted_diseases_n) .
the station also provide assistance to prosecution of criminal case by investigate and forward evidence to the court .
accord to the ministry of justice , while many of the deam fall far short of standard and lack strategy to protect victim after the report be file , -pron- nevertheless serve to raise public awareness of crime against woman .
" mulher , viver sem violencia " program : launch on march 13 , 2013 , by the president dilma_rousseff , this initiative aim to expand and improve the public service offer to woman victim of violence .
the program include a series of initiative as present below :
" 1 .
ligue 180 : "
in 2005 , the federal government implement a toll - free hotline to address complaint of violence against woman , provide by the women 's ministry and the special secretary of women 's policy .
the toll - line not only receive complaint of violence , but also orient victim regard -pron- legal entitlement and refer victim to other public service when applicable .
in 2015 , the toll line register 749.024 call , an average of 2.052 call per day .
since -pron- implementation , the ligue 180 have already register 4.823.140 call .
approximately 2/3 of the call receive be to report some kind of domestic violence ; 41,09 % of the call receive request more information , 9,56 % be refer to special service to support woman , 38,54 % refer to other service such as military police , civil police or human_rights secretary .
2 . "
casa_da mulher brasileira " :
the brazilian women house be a humanize center of service to support the woman victim of violence .
these institution perform the triage of victim , offer psychological support and have special area for child .
-pron- also englobe a number of public service , such as police station , court , public ministry and transportation service center .
.
humanization of the service provide by sexual_violence victims : new procedure have be implement to treat the victim of sexual violence in a more humanized and effective way in the public hospitals and centers of public health .
the program also include training of professional in the new protocol .
.
women care centers in the drought regions : implementation of seven center to support woman migrant victim of violence and help detain woman traffic .
.
awareness_campaigns : several medium campaign aim at orient the population about the service provide by the government as well as change the social norm of sexism and stereotype .
.
mobile care unit : bus and boat specially_equipped to provide care , health and legal service to woman in remote location .
in 2015 , over 53 mobile unit be implement .
the law require health facility to contact the police regard case in which a woman be harm physically , sexually , or psychologically .
despite the formal and legal action take by the federal government , local government seem to still struggle with the law_enforcement , with report of lack of action of the police and court in many case , even after the violence be report to authority .
un_special_rapporteur_nleandro_despouy note a tendency to blame the victim of these offense .
accord to government official and ngo worker , the majority of criminal complaint regard domestic violence be suspend inconclusively .
accord to the world health_organization , 35 % of woman have already suffer from physical and/or sexual violence from intimate partner or sexual violence from a non - intimate partner during -pron- life .
brazil occupy the 5th position in the domestic violence crime index , precede only by el_salvador , colombia , guatemala and russia .
in 2013 , 4.762 woman be murder in brazil and 50,3 % of these crime be commit by family member and 33,2 % of the these crime be commit by the current or ex - partner .
a study sponsor by the united_nations and the world health_organization and the brazilian government find that 106.093 woman be murder in brazil between 1980 and 2013 .
accord to the mapa da violencia 2015 report , the feminicide rate have be grow and have reach 4,8 % of the woman population in 2013 .
in 2013 , regional state present significant difference in the incidence of woman murder .
roraima be the estate with the high incidence , of 15,3 % of woman murder and são_paulo be the estate with the low incidence of 2,9 % .
brazil average woman homicide rate be 4,8 % in 2013 .
accord to the " mapa da violencia 2015 " report , the black population be the main victim of domestic violence and homicide in the country .
the homicide rate of the white population have be fall ( -9,8 % between 2003 and 2013 ) , while the homicide rate among black population keep rise ( + 54,2 % between 2003 and 2013 ) .
accord to the " mapa da violencia 2015 " report , about 2/3 of the population attend on the brazilian public health system ( sistema único de_saúde ) be woman .
in 2014 , 22.796were attend victim of several type of violence .
distribution by sex and age of the number of victim of violence register in the sus
accord to the 2015 balance of the ligue 180 toll - free line , 76.651 report of violence be register , be : 38.451 report of physical violence ( 50,15 % ) ; 23.247 report of psychological violence ( 30,33 % ) ; 5.556 report of moral violence ( 7,25 % ) ; 3.961 report of home imprisonment ( 5,17 % )
3.478 report of sexual violence ( 4,54 % ) ; 1.607 report of patrimonial violence ( 2,10 % ) ; 351 report of people traffic ( 0,46 % ) .
accord to the mapa da violencia 2015 report , 82 % of aggression to female child be perform by the child 's parent , mainly the mother , that concentrate 42,2 % of aggression .
for adolescent , the main offender be the parent ( 26,5 % ) and current or ex - partner ( 23,2 % ) .
young and adult population , in more than 50 % , be offend by current or ex - partner .
for the elderly population , the main offender be an offspring ( 34,9 % ) .
a study conduct by ipea in 2013 conclude that approximately 30 % of the death of woman classify as feminicide happen in -pron- own house .
in a 2017 study conduct by ipsos and avon institute , political scientist céli pinto , professor of the federal university of rio_grande do sul ( ufrgs ) and author of book "
" uma história do feminismo no brasil
"
( history of feminism in brazil ) argue that recent episode of domestic violence have foment a " renaissance of feminism " , name " feminism spring " in the study that aim to eliminate sexism and violence against woman .
online campaign have gain popularity since 2014 , with the movement # nãomereçoserestuprada ( -pron- do not deserve to be rap ) launch after the publishing of the result of the ipea survey " tolerancia social a violencia contra mulher " in which over 65 % of interviewee agree that woman who wear clothe that show -pron- body deserve to be rap .
in 2015 , jout jout , a brazilian youtuber , publish a video on abusive relationship that inspire the movement # nãotiraobatomvermelho
( keep -pron- red lipstick on ) .
in 2016 , sexual remark towards one of the girl participate in the tv show masterchef junior , another social medium movement # primeiroassedio ( first harassment ) encourage woman from all age to share -pron- first experience in which -pron- suffer sexual_harassment .
other hashtag such as # chegadefiufiu ( no more catcalls ) and # meuamigosecreto ( -pron- secret friend ) also try to call attention on sexist behavior on day - by - day activity , such as walk on the street or work .
in addition to the online campaign , street movement have also be constant , with the constant presence and awareness of the theme of violence against woman : the " marcha das margaridas " ( march of the daisies ) , more than 70 thousand people march against female violence .
in 2015 enem , brazil 's standardized college qualification exam , the topic of the essay be "
the persistence of violence against women in brazilian society " .
recent episode of sexism have also be receive negative criticism from public opinion .
faustão , one of the most famous tv show host say that " woman like to be beat " .
ngo and activist ask the tv program to apologize to the public and people manifest on social medium .
cover of " le grand duc " , goscinny , morris , dargaud ; source :
-pron- be believe that this image , luckylukeduc.jpg , be subject to fair use in the article " le grand duc " because :
rafael victor zenón uribe uribe ( bear april 12 , 1859 – die october 15 , 1914 in bogotá ) be a colombian lawyer , journalist , and general in the liberal party rebel army .
uribe uribe be best know for -pron- political idea in favor of the establishment of guild socialism and trade union in colombia , -pron- diplomatic work and -pron- support of colombian coffee grower in fight disease such as rust .
one of -pron- great contribution be , along with benjamin herrera , the founding of the republican university that later become the free university of colombia .
the rafael uribe uribe palace of culture in medellín be name after -pron- .
rafael uribe uribe be bear in the small town of valparaíso , in the sovereign state of antioquia ( present day department of antioquia ) at -pron- family 's country estate of el_palmar on april 12 , 1859 .
-pron- mother educate -pron- at home and -pron- be reportedly a shy boy .
in 1871 uribe be accept to the university of antioquia , then attend a military school call school of the state , where -pron- receive martial training .
-pron- also study sporadically in buga , capital of the sovereign state of cauca ( present day department of valle_del_cauca_n) where -pron- also join the liberal rebel of cauca during the colombian civil_war of 1876 and be wound in combat .
in 1880 uribe graduate from -pron- lady of the rosary university as a lawyer and the next year work as attorney_general of antioquia .
-pron- also become a professor in constitutional law and political economy .
in 1885 uribe participate in another civil war , in which -pron- be involve in the execution of a subordinate for disobedience .
however , the conservatives in power absolve -pron- .
in 1895 uribe uribe participate in the civil_war ( 1895 ) , but be defeat in the battle of la_tribuna by general rafael reyes .
uribe escape through the magdalena river and be later capture in the town of santa_cruz de mompox .
-pron- be imprison in the cárcel de san_diego , cartagena de_indias .
after be grant a pardon , uribe become a deputy to the chamber of representative in which -pron- become a critic of the regeneration .
the regeneration advocate for centralism , the restriction of civil_liberties and an established accord with the roman_catholic_church_n.
the main promoter of this movement be president rafael nuñez ( 1880–1888 ) and miguel antonio caro , ( 1892–1898 ) .
during these year uribe also found a newspaper call " el autonomista " ( " the autonomist " ) manage a publicity campaign against the conservative government and attack member of -pron- own party , most notably aquileo parra .
due to these printing , uribe gain significant prominence in liberal_party , participate also in the uprising of october 20 , 1899 which trigger the thousand_days war .
during the santander military campaign between october 1899 and august 1900 , uribe command the liberal force in the battle of bucaramanga ( november 13–14 , 1899 ) , where -pron- be defeat .
-pron- then organize a retreat to the city of cúcuta , where -pron- join force with liberal general benjamín herrera .
on december 15 , 1899 , while en_route to ocaña -pron- troop be ambush at a location know as la amarilla initiate the battle of peralonso .
the battle end the next day with the victory of uribe over the conservative .
uribe have attack the bridge over the peralonso river .
for this action -pron- be deem the " hero of peralonso " .
document leave by the retreat army later show that -pron- commander vicente villamizar have order to let the liberal army pass to prolong the war and to give the government an excuse to confiscate property and issue more paper money .
moreover , before start the battle , the government army provide the rebel with two mule load with ammunition , of which the liberal have little .
on february 2 , 1900 uribe uribe 's troop capture the conservative higher command in a hacienda name teran .
between may 11 and may 15 , 1900 -pron- fight in the battle of palonegro , command -pron- own division .
the conservative lead by win the battle and uribe cross the border to venezuela .
conservative troop under the command of general manage to invade venezuela and cut the aid of cipriano castro government to the liberals but be defeat by general uribe in the ( july 29,1901 ) .
between 1901 and 1902 uribe uribe alternate military activity with peace initiative which be not take into account by the then conservative government of josé_manuel marroquín .
general uribe see that the liberals would not be able to defeat the conservatives , and therefore be incline to surrender , albeit with certain condition .
on june 12 , 1902 the government offer amnesty , and the liberal rebel begin to demobilize .
uribe surrender in the hacienda neerlandia on october 24 , 1902 .
-pron- begin issue pamphlet promote the conservative government , and soon take a low public profile .
rafael uribe uribe die on october 15 , 1914 after -pron- be attack with ax the day before by two worker name jesús carvajal and leovigildo galarza .
local authority believe -pron- to be an act of terrorism , but those suspicion be never confirm .
accord to an interview give by gabriel_garcía_márquez_nto plinio apuleyo mendoza in -pron- book el olor de_la guayaba ( the guava 's smell ) , the character of colonel aureliano buendía in one_hundred_years_nof solitude be loosely base on rafael uribe uribe .
garcía_márquez 's grandfather be under uribe uribe 's command in the thousand_days war .
the 18th locality of the capital district of the capital city bogotá , colombia be name for uribe .
photo # : nh 85971
lay up at the new_york navy_yard , probably in the summer - fall of 1866 , after -pron- unsuccessful trial .
two " double - ender " side - wheel gunboat and uss vermont ( 1862 - 1902 ) , be to the right of idaho .
uss susquehanna ( 1850 - 1883 ) be at the extreme left .
this image be crop from photo # nh 85970 .
courtesy of martin holbrook , 1977 .
u.s. naval historical center photograph .
ship in the british royal navy :
ship in the french navy :
category : national hockey_league transaction
this be a category categorize various article pertain to transaction in the national hockey_league .
mesograzer be " small invertebrate herbivore less than 2.5 cm in length , and can include juvenile of some large specie . " .
saratoga county airport be a county own , public use airport locate three  nautical_miles ( 6  km ) southwest of the central business district of saratoga_springs , a city in saratoga county , new_york , united_states .
-pron- be include in the national plan of integrated airport systems for 2011–2015 , which categorize -pron- as a " general aviation " facility .
saratoga county airport cover an area of 300 acre ( 121 ha ) at an elevation of 433 foot ( 132 m ) above mean sea level .
-pron- have two runway with asphalt and concrete surface :
5/23 be 4,699 by 100 foot ( 1,432 x 30 m ) ; 14/32 be 4,000 by 100 foot ( 1,219 x 30 m ) .
jet aircraft use runway 5 or 23 .
for the 12-month period end august 29 , 2008 , the airport have 38,550 aircraft operation , an average of 105 per day : 96 % general aviation , 4 % air taxi , and < 1 % military .
at that time there be 62 aircraft base at this airport : 63 % single - engine , 26 % glider , 8 % multi - engine , 2 % jet , and 2 % helicopter .
nearby airport with instrument approach procedure include :
wikipedia : article for deletion / telephone number in vietnam
domestic violence in chile
violence against woman be prevalent across all class of chilean society .
as of the early 1990 , -pron- be report that domestic violence affect about fifty percent of the woman in chile .
all socioecomonic class be affect by domestic violence , with some group have high rate of domestic violence than other .
consistent with these finding , a 2003 chilean national survey indicate that 25 - 30 % of female homicide occur at home .
a 2004 chilean national women 's service ( sernam ) study report that 50 percent of married woman have suffer spousal_abuse , 34 percent report have suffer physical violence , and 16 percent report psychological abuse ( 2007 ) .
between january and november 2005 , 76,000 case of family violence be report to the police ; 67,913 be report by woman , 6,404 by man , and approximately 1,000 by child .
woman be clearly the most likely to become victim of domestic violence , but other member of the household be also at risk for victimization .
domestic violence can be physical , psychological , emotional , verbal , or sexual .
man or woman may be the offender , but research indicate that woman suffer disproportionately from abuse by -pron- male partner .
throughout history , woman have be view by society as subordinate to man , leave -pron- susceptible to abuse by -pron- male partner .
additionally , the home have be view as an essentially private institution , impede lawmaker from move forward with policy against domestic violence .
with many choosing to look the other way when -pron- learn of domestic violence , this problem persist and can be difficult to address .
-pron- be a common idea that outsider , specifically lawmaker , should not interfere with such private matter as violence in the home .
growth of the woman 's movement in chile , as elsewhere , have help raise_awareness and create concern at an international level .
among the contribute factor to domestic violence be household factor , community and societal factor , and individual factor .
household factor include size , density and violence history .
community and societal factor include medium violence , poverty level , crime rate , and environmental condition .
lastly , individual factor be educational level , gender , age , and employment status .
a 1999 study conduct by psychologist find that violence be a learn behavior and be pass down through generation .
exposure to violence in early childhood increase the risk for an individual to become violent in -pron- own home .
in 2004 , 44 % of the chilean population be live in poverty , and study have show that low socioeconomic_status and stressful life event be positively_correlated with domestic violence .
additionally , a 2003 study find that poverty , and escalation of negative life event that typically accompany poverty , increase chilean woman ’s vulnerability to domestic abuse .
so , while domestic violence occur in all class , -pron- be more prevalent among poor household .
in chile , -pron- have be find that family who experience domestic violence be usually isolate and lack supportive tie among the community in which -pron- live .
the geographic_concentration of poverty in chile , with regard to the socioeconomic opportunity and risk behavior of marginalize family live in disadvantaged neighborhood , have be link to high rate of domestic violence .
in other part of the world , there be some recent evidence to support reduced violence in case where woman own asset .
own land or a house signify a woman 's option to exit a violent relationship and deter marital violence .
in chile , married woman and man have equal right to -pron- asset upon divorce or if a spouse die .
in rural chile , inheritance be the principle way in which land be acquire by both man and woman , whether the land have title or not .
sometimes woman can not claim -pron- inheritance to land without title because the cost of legal document be too high .
the same effect on domestic violence have not be see by female employment alone , since own a home or land offer an immediate escape option .
land ownership can be empower for woman , a factor that , on -pron- own , have be show to reduce domestic violence .
as these factor intersect , the risk for woman be compound and -pron- become more susceptible to domestic violence .
until 1989 , the civil_code of chile legally sanctioned husbands’ ownership and authority over -pron- wife , give man power over -pron- female partner and lead to abuse within the home .
this power dynamic create by cultural belief can be see around the world and be not isolate to chile .
the belief that chilean woman be more tolerant of male violence than other woman have hinder policymaker from move forward against domestic violence .
this belief leave chilean woman unprotect and trap within abusive home .
because event occur in the home have be view as private family matter , historically , domestic violence have be socially and culturally accept in chilean society .
the secrecy that have protect these offender be exemplify by research result from 2004 that report that 30 % of woman from the region de_la metropolitana and 21 % of woman from the region de_la araucania have not tell anyone about -pron- experience with domestic abuse .
the combination of these belief have allow chilean society to turn a blind_eye to the domestic violence problem that plague -pron- community .
these myth be slowly come to light as attitude change and a movement against domestic violence have begin among chilean woman .
domestic violence impact the chilean economy directly and indirectly .
chile have low level of female labor force participation .
a 2011 study find that while about 75 % of u.s. woman be engage in pay employment , 43 % of woman in chile be engage in pay employment .
more sick day be take by batter partner , decrease household productivity , and increase healthcare cost .
increase healthcare cost be attribute to emergency room visit , mental_health service , medication , and physical_therapy ( 2011 ) .
criminal justice and social service cost increase with high rate of domestic violence , but study have find that program aim at intervene in or prevent domestic violence be highly cost - effective .
the economy of chile be impact by domestic violence in several way .
these cost include increase expenditure on medical treatment , police service , criminal_justice system , and social service .
injury from abuse lead to more emergency room visit , hospitalization , and treatment for sexually_transmitted_diseases_n.
more time be spend by law_enforcement respond to domestic violence call , and criminal_justice system cost be increase due to domestic violence court case , which can lead , in turn , to prison cost .
with increase domestic violence rate , earning be low , productivity at work decrease , and labor market participation decline .
a 1999 study conduct in santiago , chile , find that abuse woman be less likely to work outside the home .
another study base in santiago , conduct in 2000 , estimate that woman who do not suffer physical violence earn an average of us$ 385 per month while woman who face physical violence at home earn only us$ 150 per month .
this study display the severe economic effect of domestic violence in the home .
the chilean legal system have traditionally be very weak on family violence , due to structural problem , result from the failure to label domestic violence as a crime and the failure to prosecute domestic violence under general assault statute .
a study conduct in 1990 in chile show that 83.3 % of batter woman ’s injury be classify as ' light injuries’ and be only punishable as a misdemeanor .
act of violence that would otherwise be severe crime under the law , when occur within the home be pass as ' light injuries’ and minimal punishment be pursue .
the chilean national ministry for women ( sernam , servicio_nacional_de_nla mujer ) address the chilean legal systems’ treatment of domestic violence case .
sernam be responsible for develop preventative and remedial program .
-pron- have open office across the country , provide legal and therapeutic assistance for victim of domestic violence .
in 1997 sernam issue a detailed set of policy proposal to assure rural woman equality of opportunity , a product of consultative process .
michelle_bachelet be the first female president of chile , lead the country between 2006 and 2010 .
during -pron- presidency , bachelet increase the budget of the national women 's service ( sernam ) and help the institution gain funding from the united_nations development fund for women .
at the end of 2006 , there be 29 government and private center to attend to victim of intrafamily_violence .
during 2006 , the sernam partner with ngos to conduct course on the legal , medical , and psychological aspect of domestic violence for police officer and judicial and municipal authority .
this intensive training program by sernam have increasingly allow many chilean police to provide effective assistance in domestic violence case .
sernam have be active in advance the domestic violence legislation ( see below ) .
the intrafamily violence law pass in 1994 be the first political measure to address violence in the home , but because the law would not pass without be accept by both side , the law be weak in the way -pron- address victim protection and punishment for abuser .
the law be later reform in 2005 .
another barrier be pose by the chilean medical personnel , which have be criticize for continue to mistreat victim of domestic violence and to minimize injury , even though today -pron- be require by law to report know case of physical assault to the criminal_justice system .
national conference for media reform
the national conference for media reform ( ncmr ) be the large conference devote to medium , technology and democracy in the united_states .
sponsor and present by the medium reform organization free_press , the conference bring together activist ; student ; policymaker ; journalist ; scholar ; educator ; medium maker and other concerned citizen who be work for good medium , to share idea and strategy , develop new skill , network and build momentum for the medium reform movement .
previous conference be hold in madison , wisconsin ; st._louis ; memphis , tennessee ; and minneapolis .
the first ncmr be hold in 2003 in madison , wisconsin , and be attend by more than 1700 people .
participant include robert w. mcchesney , amy_goodman , juan gonzalez , naomi_klein , sherrod_brown al_franken , jeff cohen , john_conyers , jr. , charles lewis , bernie_sanders , russ_feingold , ralph_nader , bill_moyers , and jesse_jackson .
the 2005 ncmr be hold on may 13–15 in st._louis , missouri at the millennium hotel .
more than 2000 people attend .
booksigner include amy_goodman , david bollier , laura_flanders , eesha williams , victor_navasky , david brock , juan gonzalez , sut_jhally , john nichols , robert w. mcchesney , bob hackett , kembrew mcleod , jerry mander , siva_vaidhyanathan , peter grant , patti smith , al_franken and jim hightower .
more than 100 other presenter include bill_moyers , bill fletcher , chellie_pingree , jennifer_pozner , robert greenwald , arianna_huffington , janine jackson , naomi_klein , george_lakoff , federal_communications commission ( fcc ) commissioners_jonathan_adelstein_nand michael_copps , national organization for women president kim_gandy , representatives maurice_hinchey ( d - n.y. ) , bernie_sanders ( i - vt . ) , jan_schakowsky ( d - ill . ) and diane watson ( d - calif . )
the 2007 ncmr be hold in january in memphis , tennessee .
notable speaker include bill_moyers ; actor and activist jane_fonda , geena_davis and danny_glover ; civil_rights leader van jones and rev._jesse jackson ; and
policymaker rep._ed_markey_n, sen._bernie_sanders_nand fcc commissioners michael_copps and jonathan_adelstein .
about 3,000 people attend , accord to the daily newspaper in memphis .
the 2008 ncmr be hold on june 6–8 at the minneapolis convention_center , minneapolis , minnesota .
the conference program 's five theme be : medium policy ; medium reform activism and movement building ; journalism and independent medium ; civil_rights - social justice and medium ; and medium and democracy : the next frontier .
the 2011 ncmr be hold in boston , massachusetts .
the fifth ncmr be hold on april 8–10 , 2011 , at the seaport world trade center in boston .
the event feature roughly 300 speaker and performer and an estimate 2,500 attendee .
presenter include amy_goodman , juan gonzalez , glenn_greenwald , nancy_pelosi , bernie_sanders , bob edgar , robert w. mcchesney , david shuster , carole simpson , katrina_vanden_heuvel_nand jeff cohen .
the 2013 ncmr be hold in denver , colorado .
thousand of people attend .
presenter include amy_goodman , robert w. mcchesney , and jeff cohen .
mike chinn be a horror , fantasy and comic writer from birmingham , england .
chinn have be nominate for the british fantasy award for best collection and best short story .
-pron- create the anglerre fantasy series and robot kid science_fiction book for the starblazer comic , publish by d. c. thomson & co. ltd.
starblazer have be resurrect as a licensed role - playing game from cubicle 7 entertainment , entitle " starblazer adventures " .
chinn have contribute to the rpg supplement " legend of anglerre " , base on the anglerre world and character that -pron- create for starblazer .
in 1998 , midlands - base , british fantasy award win publisher
the alchemy press publish -pron- first paperback : six short story feature chinn 's pulp adventure hero , damian paladin and adventuress leigh oswin , " the paladin mandates " ( which be -pron- short list in the 1999 british fantasy awards , best collection and best short story category .
in 2017 , pro_se productions publish further adventure of paladin and leigh in " walkers in shadow " .
-pron- have edit four anthology for the alchemy press : " swords against the millennium " and three volume of " the alchemy press book of pulp heroes " .
l'héritage de rantanplan be a " lucky luke " adventure write by goscinny and illustrate by morris .
-pron- be the forty first book in the series and -pron- be originally publish in french in the year 1973 .
( greek : κασερόπιτα ) be a pie make from kasseri .
-pron- name be a compound word which derive from " kasseri " and " pita " ( greek for pie ) .
-pron- usually use filo_pastry and be serve as a snack or as a hor d'œuvre .
noble wayne lamaster ( february 13 , 1907 in speed , indiana – august 4 , 1989 in new albany , indiana ) , be a professional baseball player who pitch in the major_leagues for the philadelphia_phillies and brooklyn_dodgers during the 1937–1938 baseball season .
:
national hockey association season
domestic violence in colombia
domestic violence in colombia , although prohibit by law , remain a serious problem .
since the 1990 , colombia have start to tackle this problem .
article 42 of the constitution of colombia provide that " family relation be base on the equality of right and duty of the couple and on the mutual_respect of all -pron- member .
any form of violence in the family be consider destructive of -pron- harmony and unity , and will be sanction accord to law .
act of domestic violence can be charge under a variety of law , and victim can obtain protection order .
despite this , the prevailing view continue to be that domestic violence should be treat as a " private " matter ; and the law be often unenforced .
in the 1990 , colombia enact " ley 294 de 1996 " , in order to fight domestic violence .
in 2008 , " ley 1257 de 2008 " , a comprehensive law against violence against woman be enact .
marital_rape be criminalize in 1996 .
although colombia have many law against domestic violence , under specific legislation , and also under the penal_code , the public opinion continue to see domestic violence as something private , that must be solve without legal punishment : a study find that 64 % of public official in colombia say that if -pron- be in -pron- hand to solve a case of intimate partner violence , the action -pron- would take would be to encourage the party to reconcile .
the institute for legal medicine and forensic_science report approximately 33,000 case of domestic violence against woman during 2006 .
-pron- note that only a small percentage of case be bring to -pron- attention .
the law stipulate that the government must provide victim of domestic violence with immediate protection from physical or psychological abuse .
the icbf provide safe house and counseling for victim , but -pron- service be dwarf by the magnitude of the problem .
in addition to fulfil traditional family counseling function , icbf family ombudsman handle domestic violence case .
the colombia ombudsman 's office of human_rights conduct regional training workshop to promote the application of domestic violence statute .
everhart be a surname .
notable people with the surname include :
" the bracket " be the 14th episode in the third season of the television series " how -pron- met_your mother " and 58th overall .
-pron- originally air on march 31 , 2008 .
barney attempt to track down and identify a woman who be stalk -pron- in order to warn woman -pron- pick up from have sex with -pron- .
-pron- narrow down a list of 64 woman most likely to want revenge , then have the gang help -pron- eliminate possibility tournament style .
lily , the only person who have see the stalker , force -pron- to confront -pron- " final four , " none of whom be the stalker , although the woman from " " start tedmosbyisajerk.com , under the impression that barney 's identity be ted 's .
lily be irk by -pron- refusal to apologize to the woman -pron- be hurt , barney reasoning that -pron- be consenting_adults , -pron- show -pron- a good time , and remember each and every one - even go so far as to scrapbook each experience .
eventually , -pron- concoct a plan where robin would pretend to be a girl that barney want to hook up with , lily would stay by the jukebox in maclaren , and the rest of the guy would just hang out at the booth .
when barney pretend to go to the bathroom , -pron- notice a woman approach robin .
barney finally apologize to the woman when -pron- think that -pron- be the avenger but -pron- do not recall have sleep with -pron- .
this turn out to be a friend of robin 's , but lily nonetheless be proud of barney for finally give out a sincere_apology .
the woman be not reveal , but future ted reassure that -pron- will be reveal another time .
at the end of the episode , barney write of the experience in -pron- oft - mention blog in a scene similar to the computerized diary scene of " doogie_howser , m.d. " , in which neil patrick harris ( barney ) star .
after glance over at another conquest -pron- snag through deception , -pron- conclude that the lesson to all this be , " -pron- be awesome . "
the episode be originally name " the final_four " .
many blog and review refer to -pron- by that name .
the tie - in website http://www.tedmosbyisajerk.com be initially buy to prevent -pron- be exploit by cybersquatter , then a simple website be add .
associate producer carl maclaren have the idea to do a song for the website , which sprawl into a much long 20-minute work .
the song sync up slightly with the episode
la
the allege " the dark_side of the moon"/"wizard of oz " sync , which can be see on the season 3 dvd .
the vocal be perform by charlene amoia ( wendy the waitress ) .
donna bowman of the a.v. club give the episode a b rating .
ign give the episode a rating of 7.6 out of 10 .
omar g of television
without_pity rat the episode a+ .
-pron- be the only episode of the season rat a+ , and describe as " one of the good episode of the show " .
an old monkey wrench
cover of " l'héritage de rantanplan " , goscinny , morris , dargaud ; source :
-pron- be believe that this image , luckylukerantanplan.jpg , be subject to fair use in the article " l'héritage de rantanplan " because :
file : coa cutervo province in cajamarca region.png
domestic violence in ecuador
although prohibit by law , domestic violence in ecuador be widespread .
family court can impose fine for domestic violence , and have the power to remove an abusive spouse from the home .
ecuador have create specialize judicial unit under the ministry of justice , with judge specialize in family violence .
serious case of abuse can be refer to the office of the public prosecutor for prosecution .
the extent of domestic violence be difficult to estimate , due to differing_definitions of abuse and due to problem with self report in study .
in a 2008 survey , 32.4 % of the woman interview aged 15 - 49 say -pron- have suffer physical or sexual violence by a current or former partner .
38.2 % of the woman interview justified wife beat in certain circumstance .
the most common reason for justification be when the wife " be or be suspect of be unfaithful " with 29.9 % of woman justify wife beat in this situation .
" la_ley contra la violencia a la mujer y_la familia " ( law on violence against women and the family ) be ecuador 's principal law deal with domestic violence .
in addition , a new criminal_code come into force in 2014 , which also address domestic violence .
cardington artificial slalom course
cardington artificial slalom course ( casc ) be the first artificial whitewater_canoe slalom course in the uk when -pron- be complete in july 1982 , have be first discuss in 1972 .
base on the river_great_ouse_nadjacent to cardington sluice , within the ground of priory country park and approximately 2.5 km downstream from bedford , the course have a dual role as both a flood control structure and a whitewat course for canoe_slalom training and event .
the course cost £ 273,000 and be fund by a consortium of the ministry of agriculture , fisheries and food , anglian_water ( now the environment_agency ) , the sports council ( now uk sport ) and local council and be see as an excellent example of the relatively low cost adaptation of a necessary structure to provide a facility of national significance .
the structure consist of an automatically control dropleaf control sluice , 9 metre wide , at the head of a concrete - line channel which connect the upper reach of the river to the low .
the channel be 120 m long with a bed slope of 1:100 .
to create the required water flow pattern , fibreglass boulder know as " hippo " and " dolly " be secure to the base of the channel .
the maximum head be 1.7 m with a maximum water capacity of 15 cubic metre per second .
originally see primarily as a training venue , the course also hold two national rank canoe_slalom competition per year at up to division 2 level , and be the host every year to the inter clubs final , which pit team from all the top canoe_slalom club against each other for an overall trophy .
run all weekend with camping overnight , the inter clubs be the large canoe_slalom event in the uk ( by number of participant ) , a great social event for the sport and one of the highlight of the uk slalom calendar .
the course celebrate -pron- 25th anniversary in september 2007 with a visit by frank branston the mayor of bedford .
the original project 's vision of become ' a regional centre for canoe ' have come to fruition .
competition event at casc be organise by bedford 's viking kayak club which also organise national ranking event and final in kayak marathon .
viking celebrate -pron- 50th anniversary in 2011 .
other uk artificial whitewater centre
category:1910 in ice hockey
category:1911 in ice hockey
the bohr - kramers - slater ( bks ) theory be perhaps the final attempt at understand the interaction of matter and electromagnetic_radiation on the basis of the so - call old quantum_theory , in which quantum_phenomena be treat by impose quantum restriction on classically describable behaviour .
-pron- be advance in 1924 , and stick to a " classical " wave description of the electromagnetic field .
-pron- be perhaps more a research program than a full physical theory , the idea that be develop not be work out in a quantitative way .
one aspect , the idea of model atomic behaviour under incident electromagnetic_radiation use " virtual oscillator " at the absorption and emission frequency , rather than the ( different ) apparent frequency of the bohr orbit , significantly lead born , heisenberg and kramers to explore mathematic that strongly inspire the subsequent development of matrix mechanic , the first form of modern quantum_mechanics .
the provocativeness of the theory also generate great discussion and renew attention to the difficulty in the foundation of the old quantum_theory .
however , physically the most provocative element of the theory , that momentum and energy would not necessarily be conserve in each interaction but only overall , statistically , be soon show to be in conflict with experiment .
the initial idea of the bks theory originate with slater , who propose to bohr and kramers the follow element of a theory of emission and absorption of radiation by atom , to be develop during -pron- stay in copenhagen :
slater 's main intention seem to have be to reconcile the two conflicting model of radiation , viz .
the wave and particle model .
-pron- may have have good hope that -pron- idea with respect to oscillator vibrate at the " difference " of the frequency of electron rotation ( rather than at the rotation frequenci -pron- ) may be attractive to bohr because -pron- solve a problem of the latter 's atomic model , even though the physical meaning of these oscillator be far from clear .
nevertheless , bohr and kramers have two objection to slater 's proposal :
as jammer put -pron- , this refocuss the theory " to harmonize the physical picture of the continuous electromagnetic field with the physical picture , not as slater have propose of light quanta , but of the discontinuous quantum transition in the atom . "
bohr and kramers hop to be able to evade the photon hypothesis on the basis of ongoing work by kramers to describe " dispersion " ( in present - day term inelastic_scattering ) of light by mean of a classical theory of interaction of radiation and matter .
but abandon the concept of the photon , -pron- instead choose to squarely accept the possibility of non - conservation of energy , and momentum .
in the bks paper the compton effect be discuss as an application of the idea of " " statistical " conservation of energy and momentum " in a continuous process of scatter of radiation by a sample of free electron , where " each of the electron contribute through the emission of coherent secondary wavelet " .
although compton have already give an attractive account of -pron- experiment on the basis of the photon picture ( include conservation of energy and momentum in " individual " scattering process ) , be -pron- state in the bks paper that " -pron- seem at the present state of science hardly justifiable to reject a formal interpretation as that under consideration [ i.e. the weak assumption of " statistical " conservation ] as inadequate " .
this statement may have prompt experimental physicist to improve ` the present state of science ' by test the hypothesis of ` statistical energy and momentum conservation ' .
in any case , already after one year the bks theory be disprove by experiment study correlation between the direction into which the emit radiation and the recoil electron be emit in individual scattering process .
such experiment be independently perform by bothe and geiger , as well as by compton and simon .
-pron- provide experimental evidence point in the direction of energy and momentum conservation in individual scattering process ( at least , -pron- be show that the bks theory be not able to explain the experimental result ) .
more accurate experiment , perform much later , have also confirm these result .
as suggest by a letter to born , for einstein the corroboration of energy and momentum conservation be probably even more important than -pron- photon hypothesis : " bohr 's opinion of radiation interest -pron- very much .
but -pron- do not want to let -pron- be drive to a renunciation of strict causality before there have be a much strong resistance against -pron- than up to now .
-pron- can not bear the thought that an electron expose to a ray should by -pron- own free decision choose the moment and the direction in which -pron- want to jump away .
if so , -pron- would rather be a cobbler or even an employee in a gambling house than a physicist .
-pron- be true that -pron- attempt to give the quanta palpable shape have fail again and again , but -pron- be not go to give up hope for a long time yet . "
bohr 's reaction , too , be not primarily relate to the photon hypothesis .
accord to heisenberg , bohr remark : " even if einstein send -pron- a cable that an irrevocable proof of the physical existence of light - quanta have now be find , the message can not reach -pron- , because -pron- have to be transmit by electromagnetic_waves . "
for bohr the lesson to be learn from the disproof of the bks theory be not that photon do exist , but rather that the applicability of classical space - time picture in understand phenomenon within the quantum domain be limit .
this theme would become particularly important a few year later in develop the notion of complementarity .
accord to heisenberg , born 's statistical interpretation also have -pron- ultimate root in the bks theory .
hence , despite -pron- failure the bks theory still provide an important contribution to the revolutionary transition from classical mechanic to quantum_mechanics .
julie manet ( november 14 , 1878 – july 14 , 1966 ) be a french painter , model , diarist and art collector .
bear in paris , julie manet be the daughter and only child of artist berthe_morisot and eugène manet , younger_brother of painter édouard_manet .
the death of both parent within a three - year period leave -pron- orphan at the age of 16 .
as a result , -pron- come under the guardianship of the poet / critic stéphane_mallarmé and go to live with -pron- cousin .
-pron- also receive support from the family 's artist friend , renoir in particular .
throughout -pron- life julie pose frequently for -pron- mother and other impressionist artist , include renoir and -pron- uncle édouard .
-pron- teenage diary , publish in english as " grow up with the impressionists " , provide insight into the life of french painter , include renoir , degas , monet , and sisley , as well the 1896 state visit of tsar_nicholas_ii_nand the dreyfus_affair , which be then rag in france .
notably , -pron- candid account of dinner - table conversation about that affair cast light on renoir ’s privately_held view on patriotism and anti - semitism .
in may 1900 julie marry ernest rouart , artist and nephew of the painter henri rouart .
the wedding , which take place in passy , be a double ceremony in which julie 's cousin jeannie gobillard marry paul_valéry .
category:1912 in ice hockey
-pron- friend john allen take this picture at a fan day and have give -pron- express permission to distribute -pron- ok here .
domestic violence in guyana
domestic violence in guyana be widespread and cross racial and socioeconomic line .
the law prohibit domestic violence , give woman the right to seek prompt protection , and allow victim to seek protection , occupation , or tenancy order from a magistrate .
penalty for violation of protection order include fine up to 54 ( g$10,000 ) and 12 month ' imprisonment ; however , this legislation frequently be not enforce .
the government use law against domestic violence with some measure of success ; the problem lie with the failure of those responsible for implementation .
magistrate and magistrate court staff be often insensitive to the problem of domestic violence and to -pron- role in ensure implementation of the law .
in addition , not all police officer fully understand provision of the law .
ngos report a widespread perception that some police officer and magistrate could be bribe to make case of domestic violence " go away . "
the government also do not prosecute case in which the allege victim or victim 's family agree to drop the case in exchange for a monetary payment out of court .
ngos assert the need for a specialized family court .
domestic violence be a problem in all region of the country .
enforcement of the domestic violence law be especially weak in the interior , where police do not have as strong a presence and court meet only once a quarter .
between january and september 2006 , help and shelter handle 414 abuse case , include child , spousal , nonspousal , and other domestic abuse ; 297 of the case involve spousal_abuse direct against woman .
help and shelter , which receive private donor and some government funding , run a free shelter for victim of domestic violence and operate a hotline to counsel victim .
ngos run public service announcement and train police officer , teacher , nurse , agricultural worker , religious group , and health clinic to sensitize -pron- to domestic violence .
domestic violence training be part of the curriculum of the police training college .
there be a task_force on violence against women whose membership include representative from ngos , law_enforcement , the health community , and youth .
the task_force have gather datum in preparation for draft a national policy on domestic violence .
file : green wing (
1).ogg
wikipedia : request for adminship / limetolime 2
the beginning of -pron- all
the beginning of -pron-
all be the eighth album by ben e. king .
king transfer to mandala in 1972 , and release -pron- seventh studio album in 1972 .
this be the final album to be release on a subsidiary label in the early year .
after this release , king would transfer directly to atlantic records for a number of new release .
all track compose by ben e. king ; except where indicate
la guérison des dalton
la guérison des dalton be a " lucky luke " adventure write by goscinny and illustrate by morris .
-pron- be the forty fourth book in the series and -pron- be originally publish in french in the year 1975 .
a famed psychologist announce that crime be a psychologically - base personal inefficiency which can be cure by therapy , and -pron- choose the dalton brothers as -pron- test subject .
but the story experience a major twist : not only do the experiment fail spectacularly , the doc also decide to participate in the daltons ' exploit !
once more -pron- be up to lucky luke to remedy this delicate situation .
domestic violence in panama
domestic violence in panama be a serious problem and remain underreported .
domestic violence , include spousal_rape , psychological , physical , and economic abuse be criminalize .
panama enact " ley no.38 del 2001 " against domestic violence .
in 2013 , the country enact law 82 - typifying femicide and violence_against women ( " ley 82 - tipifica el femicidio y_la violencia contra_las mujeres " ) a comprehensive law against violence against woman .
the integrated national system for criminal statistics ( siec ) report 1,283 case of domestic violence from january through june 2013 .
statistic for january through september from the panamanian observatory against gender - base violence show that of the 47 woman who die violently , 30 die as a result of domestic violence .
antal festetics , exactly ( ) ( bear june 12 , 1937 , budapest , hungary ) , be a hungarian - austrian biologist , zoologist and behavioural researcher .
a student of konrad_lorenz , in 1973 -pron- become a university professor and director of the institute for hunting biology at the university of göttingen .
in 1981 -pron- become an honorary professor at the university of vienna .
in 1980 -pron- become president of the konrad_lorenz_institute_nfor evolution and cognition research .
-pron- be award for the establishment of national park in austria and hungary , as well as the austrian state prize for environmental_protection in 1988 .
the dvd be release in japan on september 26 , 2008 .
the first press edition of the dvd have a 3d cover which flick between aya from the game and the live action portrayal .
the film have be pick up for release in germany , united_states and the united_kingdom .
-pron- be release in germany on 26 june 2009 , carry the title zombie killer – sharp as a sword , sexy as hell .
tokyo shock in united_states release the film on dvd under the title onechanbara : bikini samurai squad on august 25 , 2009 .
manga_entertainment be release the dvd in the uk on september 7 , 2009 , under the festival title of chanbara beauty .
file : ishin seito shimpu logo.jpg
dread mountain be the fifth book in the deltora_quest child 's fantasy series write by emily rodda .
-pron- continue the quest of lief , barda , and jasmine to find the seven miss gem of deltora , brave danger and guardians in each book .
the fourth gem have be find and the fifth be hide in dread mountain .
the trio travel to the mountain in search for the emerald .
the trio be journey to dread mountain when -pron- come across a spring .
although initially distrustful of -pron- content , -pron- drink the water out of thirst , note a nearby sign say : " drink , gentle stranger , and welcome .
all of evil will beware . " and several oddly_shaped rock encircle the spring .
-pron- decide to take a rest there and lief awaken to find one of the " rock " unfurling .
-pron- reveal -pron- to be a mammalian fly creature call the kin , which most deltorans believe to be extinct .
-pron- explain to lief that the water from the spring make one dream of whomever one be think of during ingestion .
-pron- also have a deadly , paralyze effect on " those with evil intent".the three head to dread mountain with the help of the kin , land there only to find the mountain thickly overgrown , desert of -pron- inhabitant , the dread gnome , and overrun by beast .
however , the companion find the entrance into the mountain , and after avoid the numerous trap the gnome have set up to repel_invaders , -pron- be discover that there be a monstrous toad name gellick that be control the gnome .
the trio make a bargain with the head of the gnome to rid gellick for -pron- in return for freedom and the emerald that be stud onto gellick the giant frog 's head .
the fight end with lief toss water from the dreaming spring into gellick 's mouth , as -pron- use the deadly , paralyze effect .
the gnome thank lief by make peace with -pron- longtime prey , the kin , and agree to hamper the progress of -pron- common enemy , the shadow lord in find the trio .
the companion then continue -pron- journey to the maze of the beast .
photo by matt butts ( -pron- ) to which -pron- own right and release to wikipedia .
cover of " la guérison des dalton " , goscinny , morris , dargaud ; source :
-pron- be believe that this image , luckylukeguerison.jpg , be subject to fair use in the article " la guérison des dalton " because :
ronald charles plaza ( august 24 , 1934 – april 15 , 2012 ) be american professional baseball player , coach and manager .
though -pron- never make -pron- to major_league baseball as a player , -pron- be a coach at the mlb level for the seattle pilots , cincinnati_reds and oakland_athletics .
later in life , -pron- reside in st._petersburg , florida , and work with oakland as scout and coach for -pron- minor_league operation .
bear in clifton , new_jersey , plaza join the johnson city cardinals in at just sixteen year old , and bat .302 with four home run and 34 runs_batted in .
in , with the hamilton cardinals , -pron- lead the pennsylvania – ontario – new_york league with 37 double , be third in the league with 106 rbi and be fourth in the league in walk .
-pron- also commit a league - lead 37 error at third base .
plaza shift to second base with the rochester red_wings in , and bat .297 -pron- first season in triple a.
-pron- batting_average slip to .221 -pron- second season with rochester , however , -pron- hit a career - high fourteen home run .
-pron- wrap up an eleven - year playing career ( all in the st._louis_cardinals_norganization ) in with the atlanta crackers , and immediately move into coaching .
-pron- manage the billings mustangs to the pioneer league final -pron- first season as a coach , and win the florida state league championship in with the st._petersburg cardinals .
plaza 's first major league coaching job be the hit coach for the seattle pilots in .
pilots general_manager marvin milkes let plaza go along with the rest of the coaching staff as the team struggle with bankruptcy and a host of other issue after complete -pron- one and only season in major_league baseball .
-pron- term with the pilots earn -pron- mention in jim_bouton 's book " ball four " , as " the drill_instructor . "
-pron- coach in the cincinnati_reds ' farm system follow -pron- stint in seattle , and join the big league club follow the season .
-pron- be the third base coach in , and be shift to first base coach during the season by new reds manager john mcnamara .
-pron- be also first base coach in 1983 .
1969 seattle pilots season
neurotoxic shellfish_poisoning ( nsp ) be cause by the consumption of shellfish contaminate by breve - toxin or brevetoxin analog .
symptom in human include vomiting and nausea and a variety of neurological_symptoms such as slurred_speech .
no fatality have be report but there be a number of case which lead to hospitalization .
wikipedia : article for deletion / central obesity
gravilias de desamparados be one of the twelve district of the canton of desamparados , san_jose , costa_rica .
the district 's name come from one specie of tree widely use to provide shadow to coffee_plantations .
dan rabkin be a middle_eastern affairs and national security analyst , as well as business owner .
-pron- be base in toronto , ontario , canada and be award canada 's governor general 's medal in 2005 .
-pron- viewpoint can be classify as conservative .
a constant theme in rabkin 's work be advocate for regime change in iran by empower the iranian people and -pron- opposition group .
the american conservative magazine , " frontpage_magazine " , list rabkin as a columnist .
-pron- be also the iran - editor and a middle_east analyst with the world security foundation and a counter - terrorism and middle_east analyst at the international analyst network .
in addition to frontpage_magazine , rabkin 's work have be feature in irvaj ( iran - va - jahan ) , townhall.com , the spectator , center for security policy , the national post , the toronto star , the global politician journal of politics and foreign_affairs , investor 's business daily , realclearpolitic , the david horowitz freedom center , open lebanon , and e.u. politics .
on may 4 , 2008 , rabkin be feature on iran national tv where -pron- debate for regime change in iran .
-pron- be also feature on al_arabiya arabic - language television news channel during -pron- summer 2008 trip to iraq .
in iraq , rabkin meet and consult with iraqi government and security figure , leader of the awakening movement in iraq , and the leadership of the iraqi - base iranian militant group , the mojahedin - e - khalq .
on march 17 , 2009 , rabkin be the featured guest on politics and religion , an internationally broadcast radio show base in texas .
during the one - hour interview , rabkin predict that israel will most likely strike iranian nuclear facility sometime in the next few year , bar regime change in the islamic_republic of iran .
on june 30 , 2009 , terry_glavin write an op - ed in the national post in which -pron- quote rabkin as say that the iranian regime be obsess with the national council of resistance of iran , the political arm of the mojahedin - e - khalq , a designate terrorist organization in the united_states .
rabkin go on to say that " there be real dedication with these ncri people , real discipline .
-pron- produce real result , and -pron- have real intelligence resource in iran .
" rabkin be one of the only middle_east analyst to have visit the mojahedin - e - khalq ( mek ) /
people 's mujahedin of iran ( pmoi ) military camp in iraq , camp_ashraf .
file : cowboys helmet - 1960.jpg
water_resources development act of 1974
the water resource development act of 1974 , be part of enact on march 7 , 1974 , enact by congress , which also include the streambank erosion_control evaluation and demonstration act and the river_basin monetary authorization_act .
wrda 1974 amend section 208 of the flood_control act of 1954 , amend section 205 of the flood_control act of 1948 , and make change in the scope of authority for reservoir project , and authorize $ 94,000,000 for the columbia river_basin comprehensive plan of development .
-pron- authorize the secretary of the army , act through the corps of engineers , to undertake the design , construction , repair , improvement , and modification of specify public work on river and harbor for navigation , flood control and other enumerated purpose .
authoriz appropriation to carry out such project .
-pron- also direct the secretary of the army to conduct navigational and flood - control project on specify public work and authorize appropriation to carry out such project .
local cooperation , study ; report_to congress pub .
l. 93 - 251 , title
-pron- , sec .
24 , march 7 , 1974 , 88 stat .
20 , provide that the secretary of the army make a study of the item of local cooperation involve hold and save harmless provision which have be require for water resource development project under -pron- jurisdiction and report on such study to congress not later than june 30 , 1975 .
land_and water use , study ; report_to congress pub .
l. 93 - 251 , title
-pron- , sec . 25 , march 7 , 1974 , 88 stat .
20 , provide that the secretary of the army conduct a study on land use practice and recreational us at water resource development project under -pron- jurisdiction and report on such study to congress not later than june 30 , 1975 .
national streambank erosion prevention_and control demonstration program pub .
l. 93 - 251 , title -pron- , sec . 32 , march 7 , 1974 , 88 stat .
21 , as amend by pub .
l. 94 - 587 , sec .
155 , 161 , october 22 , 1976 , 90 stat .
2932 , 2933 , know as the " streambank erosion_control evaluation and demonstration act of 1974 " , direct the secretary of the army , act through the chief of engineers , to establish and conduct for a period of five fiscal year a national streambank_erosion prevention and control demonstration program , to consist of an evaluation of the extent of streambank_erosion on navigable_rivers and -pron- tributary ; development of new method and technique for bank protection , research on soil stability , and identification of the cause of erosion ; a report to the congress on the result of such study and the recommendation of the secretary of the army on mean for the prevention and correction of streambank_erosion ; and demonstration project , include bank protection work .
the final report to the congress be to be make by secretary of the army no later than december 31 , 1981 .
national shoreline erosion control development_and demonstration
program pub .
l. 93 - 251 , title -pron- , sec . 54 , march 7 , 1974 , 88 stat .
26 , know as the " shoreline_erosion control demonstration act of 1974 " , direct the secretary of the army , act through the chief of engineers , to establish and conduct for a period of five fiscal year a national shoreline_erosion control development and demonstration program , to consist of planning , construct , operate , evaluate , and demonstrating prototype shoreline_erosion control device , both engineer and vegetative , and to be carry out in cooperation with the secretary of agriculture , particularly with respect to vegetative mean of prevent and control shoreline_erosion , and in cooperation with federal , state , and local agency , private organization , and the shoreline_erosion advisory_panel establish pursuant to section 54(d ) of pub .
l. 93 - 251 .
the panel be to expire ninety day after termination of the five - year program .
the secretary of the army be to submit to congress a final report , sixty day after the fifth fiscal year of funding , such report to include a comprehensive evaluation of the national shoreline_erosion control development and demonstration program .
technical_and engineering assistance_for non - development_of erosion prevention method pub .
l. 93 - 251 , title
-pron- , sec .
55 , march 7 , 1974 , 88 stat .
28 , provide that : " the secretary of the army , act through the chief of engineers , be authorize to provide technical and engineering assistance to non - federal public interest in develop structural and non - structural method of prevent damage attributable to shore and streambank_erosion . "
visitor protection services , study ; report_to congress pub .
l. 93 - 251 , title
-pron- , sec . 75 , march 7 , 1974 , 88 stat .
32 , direct secretary of the army to conduct a study on need for and mean of provide visitor protection service at water resource development project under jurisdiction of department of the army and report on such study to congress not later than december 31 , 1974 .
authorize and direct the secretary of the army , act through the chief of engineers , to establish and conduct for a period of five fiscal year a national streambank_erosion prevention and control demonstration program .
-pron- provide that the program shall consist of : ( 1 ) an evaluation of the extent of streambank_erosion on navigable_rivers and -pron- tributary ; ( 2 ) development of new method and technique for bank protection , research on soil stability , and identification of the cause of erosion ; ( 3 ) a report to the congress on the result of such study and the recommendation of the secretary of the army on mean for the prevention and correction of streambank_erosion ; and ( 4 ) demonstration project , include bank protection work .
-pron- also require that demonstration project authorize by this section shall be undertake on stream select to reflect a variety of geographical and environmental condition , include stream with naturally_occurring erosion problem and stream with erosion cause or increase by manmade_structures or activity .
provide for the establishment of a shoreline_erosion advisory_panel .
set forth the duty of such panel .
authorize an appropriation of $ 8,000,000 for construction of such project .
authorize specify amount to be appropriate for the prosecution of development plan on enumerate river_basins .
state that such sum shall not exceed $ 764,000,000 .
among those project be the columbia river_basin comprehensive plan of development , which be authorize $ 94,000,000 .
water_resources development act of 1986
the water_resources development act of 1986 ( wrda 1986 ) be part of , a series of act enact by congress of the united_states on november 17 , 1986 .
wrda 1986 establish cost sharing formula for the construction of harbor , inland_waterway transportation , and flood control project and establish rule therefor .
-pron- also create hundred of project , study , and plan in almost every state in the nation .
-pron- also deauthoriz a number of project .
wrda 1986 direct the secretary of the army to issue guideline for credit against the non - federal share of project cost for flood control any compatible work carry out by local interest .
-pron- authorize appropriation for the prosecution of the comprehensive plan of development for specify river_basins and project .
-pron- also prohibit the government from initiate any feasibility_study for a water resource project until non - federal interest agree to contribute 50 percent of the cost during the period of the study but exempt from such prohibition any study design for purpose of navigational improvement .
-pron- also prohibit the government from initiate any planning or engineering authorize by this act until non - federal interest agree to contribute 50 percent of the cost during the period of planning and engineering .
finally , wrda 1986 provide for determine the interest rate when a non - federal interest elect to repay an amount under this act over a period of time .
ultimately , wrda 1986 authorize 262 water project at a total cost of $ 16 billion .
authorize the secretary to carry out 35 work of improvement for water resource development and conservation in alabama , mississippi , alaska , arkansas , california , florida , georgia , south carolina , iowa , kentucky , louisiana , mississippi , missouri , illinois , kansas , nebraska , new_york , north_carolina , oklahoma , oregon , rhode_island , south_dakota , tennessee , texas , virginia , washington , west_virginia .
authorized construction of the follow project subject to favorable report by the chief of engineers : ( 1 ) rillito_river , tucson , arizona ; ( 2 ) wailua_falls , wailua_river , kauai , hawaii ; ( 3 ) yazoo_river , mississippi ; and ( 4 ) trinity river , texas .
authorized planning , engineering , and design for the follow project : ( 1 ) neponset_river , milton town landing to port norfolk , massachusetts ; ( 2 ) merrimack_river , massachusetts ;
( 3 )
buffalo harbor , new_york ; ( 5 )
wheeling creek_watershed , ohio ; ( 5 )
five mile creek , dallas , texas ; and ( 6 ) fox river channel , green_bay , wisconsin .
direct the follow project under provision of the rivers and harbors act of 1960 : ( 1 )
larkspur_ferry channel , larkspur , california ; ( 2 ) shelburne bay , vermont ; and ( 3 ) rudee_inlet , virginia .
authorize the construction of the agat small boat harbor , guam , subject to a review and comment period by the secretary .
authorize the secretary , after a review and comment period , to carry out removal of silt , aquatic growth , and other material in nine lake .
authorize the secretary , after a review and comment period , to plan , design , and construct 13 streambank_erosion control project in arkansas , california , illinois , minnesota , mississippi , nebraska , nebraska , new_jersey , ohio , south_dakota , tennessee , washington , and west_virginia .
provide for the secretary to carry out various beach_erosion control , navigation , storm protection , streambank and shoreline_erosion control , and harbor maintenance project .
authorize the secretary to undertake interim emergency flood control measure along wheeling creek in specify area of ohio .
require the secretary , the secretary of the interior , and the administrator of the environmental_protection_agency_nto jointly develop a feasibility_study for the construction of a water resource development project at tolay lake , california .
authorize the secretary of agriculture to complete construction of the follow project for run - off and waterflow retardation and soil_erosion prevention : ( 1 ) bush river_watershed , virginia ; ( 2 ) great creek_watershed , virginia ; and ( 3 ) cottonwood - walnut_creek watershed , new mexico .
authorize the secretary of the army to maintain a harbor of refuge in port ontario , sandy creek , new_york .
authorize the secretary to construct shoreline protection measure at the sky_harbor municipal_airport , duluth , minnesota .
authorize the secretary to study water resource need of river_basins and region of the united_states .
direct the secretary to prepare feasibility report on the following water resource project : ( 1 ) illinois river , hardin , illinois ; and ( 2 ) kinnickinnic_river , milwaukee county , wisconsin .
direct the secretary to study water resourc development in the virgin_islands , guam , american samoa , the trust territory of the pacific_islands , and the commonwealth of the northern_mariana_islands_n.
direct the secretary , upon the request of local official , to survey the potential and method for rehabilitate former industrial site , millrace , and similar type of facility already construct for use as hydroelectric facility .
direct the secretary to study the capability of the corps of engineers to conserve fish and wildlife .
amend the water_resources development act of 1976 to include the area of san_francisco and marin , california , in the secretary 's investigation of flood and related problem in the san_francisco bay area .
authorize the secretary to conduct a study of shoreline protection and beach_erosion policy and related project in view of the expect increase in the level of the great_lakes .
direct the secretary to expedite completion of the study of new_york harbor and adjacent channel , new_york and new_jersey .
direct the environmental_protection_agency_nto study , and report to specify congressional committee on , the extent and adverse environmental effect of dioxin_contamination in the passaic_river - newark bay navigation system .
direct the secretary to study the feasibility of navigation improvement at saginaw bay and saginaw river , michigan .
authorize the secretary to : ( 1 ) study the feasibility of construct shoreline_erosion mitigation measure along the rancho_palos_verdes_ncoastline and in the city of rolling_hills , california ; ( 2 ) conduct a nearshore sediment inventory in the offshore water of louisiana between southwest pass and sabine_pass in lake_pontchartrain and in lake_borgne ; and ( 3 ) study land acquisition policy applicable to water resource project .
prohibit the study of any river_basin plan which have as -pron- objective the transfer of water from either the columbia or arkansas river_basins to any other region or major river_basin unless such study be approve by the governors of all affect states .
direct the secretary to conduct a feasibility_study of protection from erosion problem on the southern bank of the black warrior - tombigbee_river .
authorize the secretary to study the feasibility of develop measure to control storm water runoff on a watershed basis .
direct the secretary to report to the congress on the status of feasibility and reconnaissance study relate to hydroelectric power potential at exist corps of engineers project in illinois , indiana , michigan , ohio , wisconsin , iowa , minnesota , pennsylvania , and west_virginia .
direct the secretary to expedite the hydroelectric power study of the red river_basin comprehensive study , arkansas , texas , louisiana , and oklahoma .
direct the secretary to study current practice on the sharing of cost relate to the benefit of increase land value result from water resource project , together with potential method by which any increase in land value should be share between the federal government and non - federal interest .
authorize the secretary to study shoreline protection and beach_erosion control policy and related project in view of the prospect for long - term increase in the level of the ocean .
direct the secretary to determine the extent of shoreline_erosion damage in the united_states causally_related to the regulation of the water of lake_superior by the international joint commission ( united_states and canada ) .
authorize the secretary to commence the follow navigation improvement project : ( 1 ) oliver lock and dam , black warrior - tombigbee_river , alabama ; ( 2 ) locks and dams 5 through 14 , kentucky river , kentucky ; ( 3 ) gallipolis locks and dam replacement , ohio river , ohio and west_virginia ; ( 4 ) bonneville lock and dam , oregon and washington - columbia river and tributaries , washington ; ( 5 ) lock and dam 7 replacement , monongahela_river , pennsylvania ; ( 6 ) lock and dam 8 replacement , monongahela_river , pennsylvania ; and ( 7 ) winfield locks and dam , kanawha river , west_virginia .
establish an inland_waterways users board to make recommendation regard construction and rehabilitation priority and spending level for the inland_waterways .
authorize the secretary to commence 86 flood control project in alabama , arizona , arkansas , tennessee , california , colorado , georgia , hawaii , idaho , illinois , illinois , indiana , iowa , minnesota , kansas , louisiana , massachusetts , mississippi , missouri , nebraska , new_jersey , new_york , new mexico , connecticut , north_carolina , south carolina , north_dakota , ohio , oklahoma , pennsylvania , mississippi , texas , virginia , washington , west_virginia , wisconsin , guam , and puerto_rico .
authorized construction of the follow flood control project , subject to favorable report by the chief of engineers :
( 1 ) guadalupe river , san_jose , california ; ( 2 ) meredosia , illinois ; ( 3 ) muscatine island , iowa ; ( 4 )
pearl_river basin , st._tammany_parish_n, louisiana ; ( 5 )
west bank hurricane protection levee , jefferson_parish , louisiana ; and ( 6 ) james river , south_dakota .
authorize the secretary to carry out planning , engineering , and design for 12 flood control project in , california , kentucky , louisiana , massachusetts , nevada , new_jersey , oregon , and pennsylvania .
authorized construction of the follow flood control project in accordance with provision of the flood_control act of 1948 :
( 1 ) san_francisco river at clifton , arizona ; ( 2 ) mission zanja creek , redlands , california ; ( 3 ) salt and eel rivers , california ; ( 4 ) monroe and west monroe , louisiana , and ouachita_parish , louisiana ; and ( 5 ) noyes , minnesota .
authorize the construction of the follow flood control project subject to review and comment by the secretary : ( 1 ) salyersville , kentucky ; ( 2 ) poplar brook , new_jersey ; ( 3 ) pearly river_basin , mississippi ; ( 4 ) great salt_lake , utah ; and ( 5 ) tarrant_county , texas .
require non - federal interest to agree to participate in and comply with applicable federal flood_plain management and flood insurance program .
revise the definition of " flood control " to include protection from groundwater induce damage .
authorize the secretary to commence 18 shoreline protection project in compliance with the coastal_barrier resources act in florida , illinois , indiana , maryland , new_york , new_jersey , north_carolina , ohio , pennsylvania , south carolina , and virginia .
authorized construction of the follow project subject to a favorable report by the chief of engineers : ( 1 ) pinellas_county , florida ; ( 2 ) illinois beach state park , illinois ; and ( 3 ) coconut_point , tutuila island , american samoa .
authorize the secretary to carry out planning , engineering , and design for project for shoreline_erosion control at the follow community in new_jersey : fort elsinboro , sea_breeze , gandys beach , reeds beach , pierces point , and fortescue .
authorize the secretary to carry out the project for beach_erosion control at orchard_beach , new_york , in accordance with the rivers and harbors act of 1962 .
direct the secretary to apply to cost sharing provision of the water_resources development act of 1974 to periodic nourishment of the continue construction project at westhampton_beach , new_york , for a period of 20 year after enactment of this act .
wrda 1986 modify 72 specific project for navigation improvement and flood control in virginia , ohio , new_york , louisiana , kentucky , oregon , colorado , california , hawaii , colorado , alabama , wisconsin , minnesota , illinois , texas , district of columbia , maryland , mississippi , arkansas , pennsylvania , new_york city , new_jersey , georgia , florida , montana , pennsylvania , iowa , tennessee , michigan , oklahoma , wyoming , colorado , florida , montana , virginia , washington , delaware , vermont , new mexico , and connecticut .
establish ceiling for corps of engineers construction activity for fy 1987 through 1991 .
provide that project cost under this act may only be increase for change in construction cost and for modification that do not alter the function of the project .
require water resource project to address the enhancement of national economic development in the formulation and evaluation of such project .
direct the secretary to prepare a feasibility report for every water resource study authorize .
enumerate information to be include in such report .
direct the secretary , before prepare a feasibility report , to perform a reconnaissance survey of the potential water resource project to define problem with the project , together with -pron- possible solution .
require the mitigation of fish and wildlife loss to be undertake before construction on the project involve begin .
authorize the secretary to mitigate damage to fish and wildlife .
deem the benefit attributable to environmental quality measure include in a water resource project to be at least equal to project cost .
establish an environmental_protection and mitigation fund .
authorizes appropriation for this fund for fiscal year begin with fy 1986 .
authorizes use of the fund to mitigate project - induce loss to fish and wildlife production and habitat .
amend the flood_control act of 1970 to allow an agreement with states for water resource project to reflect that -pron- do not obligate future state appropriation for performance when such obligation would be inconsistent with state constitutional or statutory limitation .
establish penalty for non - federal interest noncompliance with such agreement and interest_rates for delinquent payment .
amend the flood_control act of 1968 to increase the per - project federal reimbursement to states or political subdivision for water resource development project .
authorize the secretary , for project for which the federal cost be less than $ 3,000,000 , to disregard frequency of flooding , drainage area , and amount of runoff in the preparation of feasibility report for project for flood damage prevention in urban and rural area .
authorize the chief of engineers to perform emergency work , at the request of a governor , on public and private land and water make necessary by an emergency or disaster which be essential for the preservation of life and property .
require surveying and mapping service of a water resource project to be undertake in accordance with the federal property and administrative services act of 1949 .
require the secretary to disclose petroleum product information to any state tax agency that request -pron- , if such state have a law which protect the confidentiality of the information .
amend the water_resources development act of 1976 to authorize appropriation for each fiscal year beginning after fy 1986 for increased law_enforcement service at water resource development project during peak visitation period .
amend the water_resources development act of 1974 to increase the authorized appropriation to states for planning assistance .
require the secretary and the chief of engineers to compile law relate to water resource development enact after november 8 , 1966 , and before january 1 , 1987 .
require that such law be print for the use of the department of the army , the congress , and the general public .
direct the secretary to reprint the volume contain such law enact before november 8 , 1966 and transmit such volume to the congress .
direct the secretary to prepare biennially a public report for each state contain a description and the status of each water resource project in such state .
require the acquisition of require recreation land along with the acquisition of other land relate to a water resource project .
prohibit the secretary from require non - federal interest to assume operation of any federally - run facility as a condition for the construction of new recreational facility .
require report on project have recreational benefit to describe the anticipated impact of propose project on exist recreational facility .
amend the watershed_protection and flood protection_act to require that certain watershed project contain benefit directly relate to agriculture .
direct the secretary of agriculture to report to the appropriate congressional committee on the feasibility , desirability , and the public interest involve in require that public access be provide to all water impoundment that have recreation - relate potential and that be authorize pursuant to the watershed_protection and flood protection_act .
amend the water_supply act of 1958 to provide for states to reimburse corps of engineer project on an annual basis .
amend the water_resources development act of 1976 to provide that the non - federal share of cost for disposal of material on beach shall be 50 percent ( currently , such share be 100 percent ) .
authorize the secretary to provide beach_nourishment for certain water resource project for up to 50 year after construction be initiate on such project ( currently , beach_nourishment be authorize for up to 15 year ) .
authorize the secretary to acquire nondomestic beach fill if , for environmental or economic reason , such material be non available from domestic source .
amend the rivers and harbors act of 1899 to impose cost liability upon the owner , lessee , or operator of a sunken_vessel remove from navigable_waters by the united_states .
authorize the secretary to investigate , study , plan , and implement structural and nonstructural measure for the prevention of shore damage attributable to federal navigation work , if a non - federal public body agree to operate and maintain such measure under regulation of the secretary .
amend the rivers and harbors act of 1958 to increase authorized appropriation for the control of aquatic plant growth .
authorize the secretary to provide technical assistance , upon request , to states or local government to carry out project for renovate navigable stream and tributary by cost - effective method , if the non - federal interest contribute half the cost .
authorize the secretary to preserve , restore , and maintain historic property locate on water resource development project land if such property have be enter into the national register of historic_places .
direct the army , federal_emergency_management_nagency , and the soil_conservation_service_nto take necessary action to ensure that information relate to flood hazard area be available to the public .
allow the general services administration to dispose of any corps of engineers vessel , or related equipment , use for dredge that be declare to be in excess of federal need .
provide that proceed from the sale or lease of such vessel or equipment shall be deposit into the revolving fund authorize by the civil functions appropriations_act .
direct the secretary , when consider permit application for dock and boat launch facility , to consider the need for light from sunset to sunrise to make such facility 's presence know within a reasonable distance .
authorize the use of farmers home administration assistance to pay the non - federal share of water resource project .
amend the flood_control act of 1970 to increase authorized appropriation for the arkansas river_basin and red river_basin chloride control project .
prohibit water from be divert from any portion of the great_lakes within the united_states unless such diversion be approve by the governor of each of the great lake states .
amend the water_resources development act of 1974 to increase authorized appropriation for the big south fork national river and recreation_area , kentucky and tennessee .
establish the cross florida national conservation area .
provide that the state of florida shall retain jurisdiction and responsibility for water resource planning , development , and control of the surface and ground water of the conservation area .
direct the secretary , in consultation with the u.s. forest_service , the u.s. fish and wildlife_service , and the state of florida , to develop and transmit to the congress a comprehensive management plan with respect to land in the conservation area .
direct the secretary to operate the rodman dam in a manner which will assure the continuation of lake ocklawaha .
prohibit the secretary from operate the eureka lock and dam in a manner which would create a reservoir on land not flood on january 1 , 1984 .
direct the secretary to acquire land hold by the canal authority of the state of florida for the barge canal deauthoriz by this act .
direct the canal authority to make payment to specify florida counties .
authorize the cherokee_nation of oklahoma to design and construct hydroelectric_generating facility at the w.d. mayo lock and dam on the arkansas river in oklahoma .
authorize the irrigation project know as the hilltop irrigation_district ( brule county ) and the gray goose irrigation_district ( hughes county ) , south_dakota , as unit of the pick - sloan missouri basin program .
amend the water_resources research act to establish the high plains study council to : ( 1 ) review research work conduct by state advisory committee ; and ( 2 ) coordinate such research to avoid duplication of effort by states of the high plains .
direct the secretary of the interior to establish within each state of the high plains region an ogallala_aquifer technical advisory committee ( the state committee ) .
direct such state committee to : ( 1 ) review exist state law concern water management and recommend appropriate change ; ( 2 ) establish state priority for water resource research and demonstration project ; and ( 3 ) provide information and technical assistance concern the need for water conservation and management .
direct the secretary to allocate annually fund to states of the high plains region for research in water - use efficiency , cultural method , irrigation technology , water - efficient crop , and water and soil conservation .
direct that such fund shall be distribute to state institution of high learning on the basis of merit .
direct the secretary to divide fund among the states of the high plains region for research into : ( 1 ) precipitation management ; ( 2 ) weather modification ; ( 3 ) aquifer_recharge opportunity ; ( 4 ) saline water use ; ( 5 ) desalinization technology ; ( 6 ) salt - tolerant crop ; and ( 7 ) ground water recovery .
direct the secretary to allocate annually fund to high plains region states for grant to farmer for demonstration project in : ( 1 ) water - efficient irrigation technology and practice ; ( 2 ) soil and water conservation management system ; and ( 3 ) the growth and marketing of more water - efficient crop .
provide that such grant to farmer shall be make on the basis of merit .
direct the secretary of the army , act through the united_states geological survey , to monitor the level of the ogallala_aquifer , and report annually to the congress .
require that the pick - sloan missouri basin program be prosecute to -pron- ultimate development as rapidly as possible .
direct the secretary of the army to undertake a program for the control of river ice , to assist community in the breakup of such ice , and to provide technical assistance to local unit of government to control or break up such ice .
authorize appropriation for fy 1988 through 1992 .
declare whitewater recreation to be a purpose of the summersville_lake project on the gauley_river , west_virginia .
authorize the secretary to cooperate with government in canada to study and to construct reservoir project for storage in the souris_river basin in canada to provide flood control benefit in the united_states .
deauthoriz construction of the burlington dam , north_dakota , and certain modification to the dam structure at lake darling , north_dakota , upon completion of the canadian structure .
authorize completion of such project if an agreement for the canadian structure can not be consummate .
authorize the secretary to make flood control modification to the lake darling structure .
declare specify land in north_dakota to be hold in trust by the united_states for the benefit and use of the three_affiliated_tribes_nof the fort_berthold_reservation_nand to be part of such reservation .
direct the secretary of the interior , in consideration for such transfer in trust , to transfer to the united_states land of equal value hold in trust for the tribe which be require for the maintenance and operation of the garrison_dam and reservoir project .
authorize the secretary to pay the federal share of the settlement amount result from a specify decision of the engineer board of contract appeals .
authorize the secretary to establish and develop campground for individual 62 year of age or old at any lake or reservoir under the secretary 's jurisdiction .
authoriz appropriation for fiscal year begin 1984 .
authorize the development of and appropriation for a 62-or - old campground in texas at the sam_rayburn dam and reservoir .
identifie such parcel of land by mete and bound .
declare the intent of the congress to recognize the importance of the economic vitality of the great_lakes region and saint_lawrence_seaway_nas the " fourth seacoast " of the united_states .
establish the great_lakes commodities marketing board ( the board ) to develop a strategy to improve the capacity of the great_lakes region to produce , market , and transport commodity in a timely_manner and to maximize the efficiency and benefit of market product produce in and/or ship through the great_lakes region .
require the strategy to address environmental issue relate to transportation on the great_lakes and marketing difficulty experience due to late harvest season in the great_lakes region .
require such strategy to develop and analyze various information concern marketing and shipping in the great_lakes region .
outline the composition and organizational rule for the board .
require the board , no later than september 30 , 1989 , to submit a report to the president and both houses of the congress on strategy to assure maximum economic benefit to user of the great_lakes region .
terminate the board 180 day after such report be submit .
authoriz appropriation for fy 1987 through 1990 .
direct the president to invite the government of canada to join in the formation of an international advisory group to : ( 1 ) develop a bilateral program for improve navigation on the great_lakes ; and ( 2 ) conduct investigation and make recommendation for a systemwide navigation improvement program on the great_lakes .
outline the composition and organizational rule for such advisory group .
require such group , one year after -pron- formation and biennially thereafter , to report to the congress and the canadian parliament on -pron- progress .
direct the secretary and the epa to carry out a review of the environmental , economic , and social impact of navigation in the u.s. portion of the great_lakes .
require the secretary and the administrator to submit an interim report to the congress by september 30 , 1988 , and a final report by september 30 , 1990 .
provide that certain prohibition and provision for review of activity in water of the u.s. shall not apply to any water development project at the great miami river_basin or the great miami river and -pron- tributary in ohio .
provide that any lease for project in this act shall continue in effect on and after december 31 , 1989 , until such lease be terminate by the leaseholder .
require fair market value for such lease after such date .
enumerate condition require before the secretary may terminate a lease on or after december 31 , 1989 .
authoriz review by the secretary of water project construct before enactment of this act to determine the need for modification to improve environmental quality .
authorize the secretary to carry out a demonstration program within two year of enactment of this act for the purpose of make modification in the structure and operation of water project construct before enactment .
require a report to the congress concern such project .
authorizes appropriation .
require the secretary to expedite completion of a study for a new lock parallel to poe lock on the saint_lawrence_seaway_nand submit a report to the congress .
direct the secretary to report to the congress every january .
authorize the secretary to construct and improve facility at the niagara_frontier transportation_authority , port of buffalo .
require the secretary , begin october 1 , 1987 , to carry out measurement and make necessary computation relate to the diversion of water from lake michigan and to coordinate the result with downstate_illinois interest .
define the measurement to be take .
authorizes appropriation begin with fy 1986 .
authorize the secretary to undertake certain construction and repair on the tutuila islands , american samoa .
authorize the secretary to conduct a study of the effect of great_lakes water consumption on economic growth and environmental quality in the great_lakes region and of control measure that can be implement to reduce the quantity of water consume .
authorizes appropriation for such study .
authorize the secretary to acquire from willing seller land which be subject to frequent flood damage , locate within the passaic_river basin flood control study area .
authoriz and direct the secretary to construct a second lock adjacent to the exist lock at sault_sainte_marie_n, michigan .
direct the secretary to consider structural , nonstructural , and primarily nonstructural alternative to solve the water resource problem of the upper st. john 's river_basin , florida .
direct the secretary to consult with concerned great lake states regard the selection of disposal area for dredged_material .
allow the secretary to waive local cost - sharing requirement up to $ 200,000 and approve the construction of project with a low benefit to cost ratio in american samoa , guam , the northern_mariana_islands_n, the virgin_islands , and the trust territory of the pacific .
authorize the secretary to undertake streambank_erosion protection measure along the ohio and wabash rivers , illinois .
declare the interest rate for analyze the cost and benefit of the san_luis rey river flood control program , san_diego , california , to be that agree upon under the flood_control act of 1968 .
direct the secretary of transportation to transmit to the congress a list of those bridge over navigable_waters of the united_states construct , reconstructed , or remove between january 1 , 1948 , and january 1 , 1985 .
authorize the secretary to perform dredge in avalon bay , santa_catalina_island_n, california .
modify the project for flood control for ellicott creek , new_york , to allow a credit against the non - federal share of the cost of construction .
amend the marine protection , research , and sanctuaries act of 1972 to declare the new_york bight apex and the " 106-mile ocean waste_dump site " as unsuitable for dump of municipal sludge .
declare the federal share of the cost of construction of the chicago tunnel and reservoir project , illinois , to be 75 percent .
deauthoriz over 300 flood control , hydroelectric power , or navigation project
authorize the secretary to construct deep - draft harbor project in alabama , louisiana , texas , virginia , california , new_york and new_jersey .
authorize the secretary to construct 35 general cargo and shallow harbor project in alaska , california , connecticut , florida , georgia , hawaii , michigan , minnesota , wisconsin , mississippi , new_hampshire , new_york , new_jersey , north_carolina , ohio , south carolina , texas , washington , commonwealth of the northern_mariana_islands_n, puerto_rico , us virgin_islands , and louisiana .
allowed a non - federal interest to submit to the secretary for review a feasibility_study of a propose harbor or inland harbor project .
require the secretary to submit to the congress the result of the review together with recommendation and to credit the non - federal share of the cost of such study if the project be subsequently authorize by law .
provide for the undertaking by non - federal entity of the construction of navigation project approve by the secretary and for credit the non - federal share of such construction .
require the secretary , prior to such construction , to coordinate and schedule federal , state , and local action regard environmental assessment , project review and permit .
authorized appropriation out of the harbor maintenance trust fund for each fiscal year to pay 100 percent of the eligible operation and maintenance cost of the saint_lawrence_seaway_nand 40 percent of such cost of commercial navigation of all harbor and inland harbor within the united_states .
authorizes appropriation out of for each fiscal year to pay the balance of all eligible operation and maintenance cost .
express the policy of the congress that use of the disposal site know as " mud dump " near sandy_hook , new_jersey , shall be terminate , and replacement site shall be designate by the administrator of the environmental_protection_agency_nwithin three year of the enactment of this act .
require annual report by the administrator concern such designation .
authorize the secretary to make grant to any non - federal interest operate a project for a port for provision of emergency response service in such port .
authorize the secretary to make a grant to the non - federal interest operate morro_bay harbor , california , for construction of a new port office .
provide that congress recognize the upper mississippi_river system as a nationally significant ecosystem and commercial navigation system , and provide for the administration and regulation of such system .
authorize the secretary to provide for the construction of a second lock at lock and dam 26 , mississippi_river , alton , illinois and missouri .
authorize the secretary , in concert with the secretary of the interior and the association , to undertake various program for the enhancement of the upper mississippi_river system .
authorize appropriation for this purpose .
authorizes such secretary to implement a program of recreational project for the system .
authorize appropriation for this purpose .
amend the rivers and harbors act of 1958 to increase the authorized appropriation for the operation of the illinois and mississippi canal .
amend public law concern the definition of " dam " .
authoriz appropriation for fy 1988 through 1992 .
provide for the distribution of such fund among the states .
direct the secretary to provide assistance to any state that establish and maintain a dam safety program which include the follow : ( 1 ) a procedure for the review of dam plan to determine -pron- safety ; ( 2 ) a procedure to determine that such a dam will be operate in a safe manner ; ( 3 ) a procedure for inspection at least once every five year , or more if warrant ; ( 4 ) the state have the power to modify the dam to assure -pron- safety ; ( 5 ) the state develop a system of emergency procedure to be follow in the event of dam failure ; and ( 6 ) the state have the necessary emergency fund to make immediate repair in order to protect human life and property .
provide for the approval of submit program within 120 day unless notify prior to that time by the secretary .
provide for periodic review of dam safety program by the secretary .
authorize the establishment of a national dam safety review board to review and monitor state implementation of this act .
require federal official to consult and cooperate with state official on the design and safety of dam .
authoriz appropriation for the training of state dam safety inspector for fy 1988 through 1992 .
direct the secretary to begin research to develop technique and equipment for more efficient dam inspection .
provide for state participation in such research .
authorize appropriation for fy 1988 through 1992 .
authorize the secretary to maintain and publish information on the inventory of dam authorize under this act .
authorizes appropriation .
provide that no fund authorize in this act shall be use to construct or repair any federal or non - federal dam .
require report to certain congressional committee which propose construction of water impoundment facility to include information on the consequence of failure and geologic or design factor which could contribute to the possible failure of such facility .
provide for the recovery of cost incur in the modification of dam and relate facility cause by new hydrologic or seismic datum or change deem necessary for safety purpose .
authorize the secretary to perform detailed engineering study to determine the structural_integrity of any dam find to contain hazardous condition during an inspection .
require the dam owner to reimburse the secretary for expense .
authorize the secretary to provide technical assistance to the repair of the spillway and other measure to restore the safety of the dam use in the schuyler county public water_supply district number 1 , missouri .
authorize the secretary to provide technical assistance for necessary repair to the milton dam , mahoning_county , ohio .
designate the follow reservoir , harbor , and lock and dam : ( 1 ) jennings randolph lake , maryland and west_virginia ; ( 2 ) james w. trimble lock and dam , arkansas ; ( 3 ) arthur v. ormond lock and dam , arkansas ; ( 4 ) greilickville harbor , michigan ; ( 5 ) wilbur d. mills dam , arkansas ; ( 6 ) s. w. taylor memorial park , alabam ; ( 7 ) h. k. thatcher lock and dam , arkansas ;
( 8) dewayne hayes recreation_area , mississippi ; ( 9 ) winthrop_rockefeller lake , arkansas ; ( 10 ) wehrspann lake , nebraska ; and ( 11 ) jack d. maltester channel , california .
harbor maintenance revenue act of 1986 - amend the internal_revenue_code_nto impose an excise_tax on the value of commercial cargo load onto or unload from commercial vessel at u.s. port .
provide an exemption from such tax : ( 1 ) for cargo load in or destine for alaska , hawaii , or any possession of the united_states ; ( 2 ) where the transportation of such cargo have be subject to the excise_tax for fuel use in commercial transportation on inland_waterways ; ( 3 ) for the government of the united_states ; and ( 4 ) bond commercial cargo enter the united_states for transportation and direct exportation to a foreign country .
establish within the treasury of the united_states the harbor maintenance trust fund .
provide that amount from such fund shall be available for : ( 1 ) the operation and maintenance of those portion of the saint_lawrence_seaway_noperate and maintain by the saint_lawrence_seaway_ndevelopment corporation ; ( 2 ) the operation and maintenance cost of commercial waterway within the united_states ; and ( 3 ) the payment of certain rebate .
provide for the transfer of certain charge and toll from the saint_lawrence_seaway_ndevelopment corporation to the harbor maintenance trust fund .
increase the tax on fuel use in commercial transportation on inland_waterways begin in 1987 .
amend the inland_waterways revenue act of 1978 to include the tennessee - tombigbee waterway from the tennessee river to the warrior river at demopolis , alabama , as an inland and intracoastal_waterway .
establish in the treasury of the united_states the inland_waterways_trust_nfund .
provide that amount from such trust fund shall be available for construction and rehabilitation expenditure for navigation on inland and coastal waterway .
direct the secretary of state to initiate discussion with the government of canada regard the elimination or reduction of all toll on the international great_lakes and the saint_lawrence_seaway_n.
direct the secretary of transportation to report to the congress on the progress of such discussion and -pron- economic effect on waterborne_commerce .
direct the secretary of the treasury to study , and report to the congress on , the impact of the port use charge on potential diversion of cargo from u.s. port to port of country contiguous to the united_states .
-pron- happen in the donbass
-pron- happen in the donbass ( ) be a 1945 soviet drama film direct by leonid lukov base on a screenplay by sergei_antonov and mikhail blajman .
produce by soyuzdetfilm .
the film be about the soviet youth who fearlessly fight in the year of the great_patriotic war against the nazi invader in the german - occupy donbass and continue the work of -pron- father , who in -pron- time defend the soviet_union .
water_resources development act of 1990
the water_resources development act of 1990 ( wrda 1990 ) , , be enact by congress of the united_states on november 12 , 1990 .
most of the provision of wrda 1990 be administer by the united_states army_corps of engineers .
authorize public work project in specified location for improvement to navigation , flood control , storm damage reduction , and the construction of recreation feature .
specifie the total cost , as well as the estimate federal and non - federal cost , of each project .
modifies various public work project previously authorize under prior water resource development acts .
direct the study for the completion of flood control project in arkansas , indiana , texas , and west_virginia .
increase the maximum amount authorize under the flood_control act of 1948 for a flood control project in the u.s. virgin_islands .
authorizes shoreline project in michigan and pennsylvania .
authorizes continuation of specified water resource project notwithstanding a specified provision of the water_resources development act of 1986 limit the length of such project .
authorizes design and construction of certain flood control measure kentucky as determine necessary for the prevention of further flood control damage .
direct completion of a project for the removal of silt and aquatic_weeds in minnesota .
direct project for the rehabilitation and reconstruction of federal flood control levee on the arkansas river and the red river .
authorize the secretary of the army to undertake , complete , review , or act upon specify study in connection with various water resource development project .
authorizes appropriation .
authorize a study of wastewater_treatment option for transport contamination in rhode_island to a facility in rhode_island .
authorizes appropriation .
direct technical assistance with respect to a comprehensive review of new_york harbor and a system investigation of the channel and anchorage of the port of new_york and new_jersey .
deauthoriz specify water resource development project .
direct or authoriz transfer of specify real property in florida , michigan , and washington .
direct release to clay county , georgia , of the reversionary interest of the united_states to specify real property in the county , subject to the condition that such property be use solely for the development of a retirement community .
authorize conveyance of certain oakland inner_harbor tidal canal property in oakland , california , to the city of oakland and alameda , california , under specify term and condition .
amend the water_resources development act of 1986 to treat as construction the cost of planning and engineering of project for which non - federal interest contribute 50 percent or more of the cost of the feasibility_study .
include preparation for emergency response to any natural disaster ( currently , flood emergency preparation only ) with action for which emergency response fund be authorize to be use .
authorize the use of such fund for certain emergency dredging .
authorize the secretary to complete and transmit to the appropriate non - federal interest any study for improvement to harbor or inland harbor initiate pursuant to the rivers and harbors act of 1960 or , upon request , to terminate such study and transmit the partially complete study to the non - federal interest .
require biennial report begin in 1992 concern water resource project modification for improve the quality of the environment in the public interest .
provide annual funding for such modification project .
direct environmental protection as one of the primary mission of the united_states army_corps of engineers in planning , designing , construct , operate , and maintain water resource project .
establish as part of the corps of engineers ' water resource development program an interim goal of no net loss of the nation 's remain wetland base , and a long - term goal of increase the quality and quantity of wetland in the united_states .
outline goal and an action plan for the development and restoration of wetland .
authorize a program to evaluate and demonstrate the use of construct wetland for wastewater_treatment , as well as method by which such project contribute to meet the objective of the federal water_pollution_control_nact .
authorize a demonstration program to determine the feasibility of wetland restoration , enhancement , and creation as a means of contribute to achieve the wetland goal .
authorize a program for the training and certification of individual as wetland delineator .
prohibit certain new or substantially improve structure build in specify flood_plains from be include in the benefit base for justify federal flood damage reduction project .
require a cost - sharing report and regulation in connection with such project .
direct a report to congress on the advisability of not participate in the planning , implementation , or maintenance of any beach stabilization or renourishment project unless the state in which the propose project will be locate have establish a beachfront management program that include certain restriction and provision .
direct the secretary to establish for each major reservoir under the jurisdiction of the corps a technical advisory committee to provide recommendation on reservoir monitoring and option for reservoir research .
require ample public participation in the development or revision of reservoir operate manual of the corps .
direct a study of the operation of reservoir project under army jurisdiction and report the result to the congress .
direct , whenever necessary to meet the requirement of the federal water_pollution_control_nact , removal of contaminated_sediments outside the boundary of and adjacent to the navigation channel as part of the operation and maintenance of a navigation project .
terminate such dredging requirement five year after enactment except for the completion of commenced project .
direct , in plan any water resource project , consideration of -pron- impact on exist and future recreational and commercial us .
require any change adversely_affecting the recreational use of a project to be mitigate .
terminate such requirement five year after the enactment of this act except for restoration already commence on such date .
require project cost to be share by the beneficiary of such recreation .
provide that activity currently perform in connection with the operation and maintenance of hydroelectric power generate facility of the corps be to be consider inherently governmental function and not commercial activity .
amend the water_resources development act of 1986 to include preservation and enhancement of the environment in matter to be address in water resource plan under such act ; and ( 2 ) increase from 40 to 100 percent of eligible operation and maintenance cost assign to commercial navigation of all harbor and inland harbor of the united_states the amount authorize to be appropriate out of the harbor and maintenance trust fund .
authorizes corps of engineers ' research and development laboratory to provide assistance to corporation , partnership , limited partnership , consortia , public and private foundation , university , and nonprofit organization operate within the united_states or -pron- territory or possession under specify condition , include that provide such assistance be in the public interest and within the mission of the corps .
amend the water_resources development act of 1974 to authorize the secretary , in order to recover 50 percent of the cost of provide assistance to states for the development , utilization , and conservation of water and related resource of drainage_basins , to establish and collect appropriate fee from states and other non - federal public body to whom such assistance be provide .
require the secretary to phase in such cost - sharing program .
amend the flood_control act of 1960 to authorize collection of fee from federal agency and private individual in order to recover cost of provide certain flood control information collection and dissemination service .
authorizes water supply storage space request by a low - income community if such space be available in a water resource development project operate by the secretary .
authorizes technical , planning , and engineering assistance to states and local government in connection with great_lakes remedial action plan identify under the great_lakes water_quality agreement of 1978 .
amend the water_resources development act of 1986 ( wrda 1986 ) to deauthorize the cross florida_barge_canal_nproject locate between the gulf of mexico and the atlantic_ocean .
transfers canal project land to the state of florida .
add the removal of silt and aquatic growth at wappingers lake and at lake george , new_york , to water resource project authorize under the wrda 1986 .
amends wrda 1986 to extend for five year the upper mississippi_river management plan .
authorizes federal financial assistance for construction project in the virgin_islands to be make available to the secretary in lieu of the virgin_islands upon request of the governor of the islands .
direct a local cooperative agreement with the city of virginia beach , virginia , for beach_nourishment .
declare certain portion of lake_erie to be nonnavigable water of the united_states .
direct the assistant_secretary of the army for civil works , the united_states environmental_protection_agency_n( epa ) , and the governor of new_york to jointly convene a management conference for the restoration , conservation , and management of onondaga lake , new_york .
authorizes grant to new_york for research , study , survey , and activity in connection with the development of a management plan for the lake .
authorizes appropriation .
direct epa to report on the feasibility of designate an alternative site to the mud dump site in the new_york / new_jersey harbor region for the disposal of dredged_material .
require a report to the congress on a plan for the long - term management of such dredged_material .
authoriz appropriation .
require the army , the bureau of reclamation , and bonneville_power_administration_nto issue a joint report on the regulation of dworshak_dam , idaho .
require conduct public meeting in the area of the dam in order to keep the public inform about project drawdown .
direct relocation of the southeast light on block island , rhode_island , to a more suitable location on such island .
authorizes appropriation .
authoriz research and development activity on magnetic_levitation ( maglev ) technology or to provide for such activity .
authoriz appropriation .
authorize the general services administration to exchange certain mineral and royalty interest in the prado flood_control basin in riverside , california , for excess federal property , if request to do so by the current holder of such interest .
direct a study of the requirement of the use of material and product produce in the united_states buy american act requirement as -pron- apply to water resource project .
express the sense of the congress that priority consideration will be give to the authorization of water resource development project which be recommend by the chief of engineers .
authorize the epa to undertake a demonstration project to eliminate contamination of the water near woodlawn beach , hamburg , new_york , from nonpoint_sources of pollution result from surface runoff and septic system contamination enter rush and blasdell creeks .
specifie the non - federal share of the cost of the project .
water_resources development act of 1996
the water_resources development act of 1996 ( wrda 1996 ) be part of , be enact by congress of the united_states on october 12 , 1996 .
most of the provision of wrda 1996 be administer by the united_states army_corps of engineers .
authoriz specified water resource development and conservation project for navigation , flood control , flood and storm damage reduction , environmental preservation and restoration , shoreline_erosion protection , hydropower , and hurricane damage reduction in california , the district of columbia and maryland , florida , georgia and south carolina , illinois , kentucky , louisiana , missouri , nebraska , new mexico , new_york , north_carolina , ohio , oregon , puerto_rico , south_dakota , texas , and west_virginia .
specifie total cost , estimate federal and non - federal cost , and funding source and requirement .
authoriz specify project for navigation , bluff stabilization , flood control and water supply , storm damage reduction and shoreline protection , streambank_erosion protection , hurricane damage prevention , and navigation and safety improvement in alaska , california , delaware , florida , indiana , louisiana , maryland and delaware , and new_jersey in accordance with a final report of the chief of engineers .
direct study and carry out of specify project regard
amend the water_resources development act of 1986 to
increase from 25 to 35 percent the non - federal share for nonstructural and other flood control project .
set forth criterion and procedure relate to the ability of a non - federal interest to pay for flood control or agricultural water supply .
require non - federal stakeholder to : ( 1 ) agree to participate in and comply with applicable federal floodplain management and flood insurance program ; and ( 2 ) prepare a flood_plain management plan design to reduce the impact of future flood event in the project area .
direct the secretary to : ( 1 ) develop guideline for the preparation of such plan ; and ( 2 ) conduct , and report to the congress on , a review of policy , procedure , and technique relate to the evaluation and development of flood control measure in order to identify impediment to justify nonstructural flood control measure as alternative to structural measure .
require determination if the operation of a project have contribute to the degradation of the environment ; and ( 2 ) undertake appropriate environmental restoration and enhancement measure .
amend the water_resources development act of 1990 to add environmental_remediation in the removal of dredged_material under a navigation project ; and ( 2 ) increase funding for the removal of contaminated_sediments from navigable_waters .
list specify project to be give priority in such sediment removal .
authorize an aquatic_ecosystem restoration and protection project if the project will improve environmental quality , be in the public interest , and be cost - effective .
provide cost limitation and fund for such project .
amend the water_resources development act of 1992 to select a disposal method that be not the least - cost option if the incremental cost be reasonable in relation to the environmental benefit .
direct increase emphasis on , and opportunity for recreation at , project operate , construct , or maintain by the corps of engineers .
set forth provision regard construction of flood control project by non - federal interest , include reimbursement and credit of the non - federal interest under specify circumstance .
direct agreement with non - federal interest for the development of specify flood control project in california and texas .
authoriz survey , plan , and study and to prepare report that may lead to work in encourage innovative and environmentally_sound engineering and environmental solution to civil work problem of national significance .
amend the water_resources development act of 1988 to require the secretary to provide appropriate protection for a specified period against the dissemination of information develop as the result of a research or development activity conduct by the corps that be likely to be subject to a cooperative research and development ( r&d ) agreement within two year after -pron- development and which would be consider a trade secret or privileged or confidential information if obtain from a non - federal party participate in a cooperative r&d agreement .
amend exist law to set forth the national dam safety program act .
require federal_emergency_management_nagency ( fema ) and the national dam safety review board ( establish under this act ) to establish and maintain a coordinate national dam safety program .
require the fema to implement a dam safety improvement implementation plan , provide assistance to states for dam safety program , and provide training for dam safety .
authorize a national dam safety review board .
authorizes appropriation to fema for the program , training , and research authorize under this section .
authoriz action to increase the efficiency of energy production or the capacity of hydroelectric power generate facility .
authorize additional capacity at a dredged_material disposal facility as long as the non - federal interest agree to pay all cost associate with the construction of the additional capacity .
increase authorize penalty for the obstruction of navigable_waters of the united_states .
increase the small project authorization under the rivers and harbors act of 1946 .
amend the flood_control act of 1970 to prohibit the inclusion of certain uneconomical cost - sharing requirement in flood control agreement .
amend the water_resources development act of 1974 to increase the authorized assistance to states for project planning .
amend the flood_control act of 1969 to increase from us$ 3 to $ 5 million the per project reimbursement limitation for flood control project .
amend the rivers and harbors act of 1958 to include the control and eradication of the melaleuca tree within a program for the control of aquatic plant growth .
include the development of one or more sediment decontamination technology as a project purpose under the water_resources development act of 1992 .
add to the purpose of federal shore protection provision the protection , restoration , and enhancement of sandy_beaches on a comprehensive and coordinated basis by the federal government , states , locality , and private enterprise .
authorize the secretary to establish and conduct a national shoreline_erosion control development and demonstration program for six year after the availability of fund for such program .
direct consider as commercial navigation benefit the economic benefit generate by cruise_ships .
direct measure to preserve and enhance scenic and aesthetic quality in the vicinity of such project .
amend the water_resources development act of 1990 to terminate a technical advisory committee for reservoir monitoring .
provide for modification to specify flood control , navigation , beach_erosion control , hurricane damage prevention , and streambank_restoration project in alabama , arizona , arkansas and missouri , california , connecticut , georgia , illinois , indiana , kansas , louisiana , maryland , michigan , minnesota , nebraska , new_jersey , new mexico , north_carolina , new_york and new_jersey , north_dakota , ohio , oklahoma , oregon and washington , pennsylvania , puerto_rico , rhode_island , texas , utah , virginia , washington , west_virginia , wisconsin , and wyoming .
reauthoriz specify project for flood control , navigation , wetland research , and hurricane - flood protection and beach_erosion control in arkansas , illinois , michigan , minnesota , and new_jersey .
deauthoriz a portion or all of specified navigation project in connecticut , maine , massachusetts , new_hampshire , new_york , ohio , rhode_island , and wisconsin .
direct a credit to louisiana toward -pron- non - federal share of the cost of the mississippi_river delta region project .
direct feasibility_studies with respect to project in arkansasm california , indiana , michigan new_york , oregon , and texas .
direct specify study of
require certain environmental study with respect to land use in california , indiana , and south carolina .
direct specify reconnaissance study for in florida water reuse , channel improvement near in nevada , and secondary channel of river in new_york .
authorizes navigation study in the pacific region of american samoa , guam , and the northern_mariana_islands_n.
direct the secretary of the army and the secretary of the interior to evaluate procedure and requirement use in the selection and approval of material use in the restoration and nourishment of beach .
provide for federal land conveyance in alabama , california , ohio , oklahoma , oregon , texas , and washington .
redefine the federal land to be include as columbia river treaty fishing access site for specify native_american indian_tribes .
designate specify visitor center , lake , and lock and dam in california , kentucky , indiana , louisiana , mississippi , tennessee , and pennsylvania .
authorizes technical , planning , and design assistance to non - federal interest for carry out watershed management , restoration and development , greenway , and environmental assistance project at specify location in arizona , california , georgia , nebraska , pennsylvania , indiana , new_york , ohio , oklahoma , rhode_island , massachusetts , and west_virginia .
amend the water_resources development act of 1986
amend the water_resources development act of 1990 to authorize specify assistance to nongovernmental_entities in the development and implementation of remedial action plan .
amend the water_resources development act of 1992 to
require under specify condition ,
direct an assessment of the general condition of confine disposal facility on the great_lakes .
extend the geographic jurisdiction of the mississippi_river commission .
direct promote federal , non - federal , and private sector cooperation in create public recreation opportunity and support infrastructure at corps of engineers ' project .
authoriz specify assistance to non - federal interest for wastewater_treatment and related facility in alabama .
direct an agreement with heber_springs , arkansas , to provide specified water supply storage in greers_ferry_lake_nin arkansas .
authorizes technical assistance to non - federal interest for reclamation and water quality project in california .
direct design and construction of shoreline protection measure for the coastline adjacent to the faulkner island lighthouse , connecticut .
direct a comprehensive plan for restore , preserve , and protect the south florida ecosystem .
establish the south florida ecosystem_restoration task_force .
authorize a program to provide environmental assistance to non - federal interest in southern and eastern kentucky .
amend the coastal_wetlands planning , protection , and restoration act to provide the 1996 and 1997 federal share of the cost of certain coastal_wetlands restoration project in louisiana .
direct engineering , design , and construction of project for flood control and improvement in specify area of louisiana and montana .
authoriz assistance for the restoration of the chesapeake and ohio canal and for reclamation and water quality protection project in maryland , pennsylvania , ohio , pennsylvania , new_york , and west_virginia .
prohibit certain county locate at the confluence of the missouri and mississippi rivers from have -pron- participation in the national flood insurance program revoke or suspend due to raise levee along an alignment approve by the relevant circuit court .
authorizes capital improvement to the new_york state canal system .
direct a study for shoreline protection in new_york .
authoriz specify project for dredged_material containment facility in new_york , new_jersey , rhode_island , and tennessee .
declare a specify portion of long_island city in new_york , as nonnavigable water of the united_states , require improvement to such area .
direct revision to the water control manual for the jamestown dam and pipestem_dam in north_dakota .
authoriz specify project for flood control in pennsylvania , rhode_island , tennessee , virginia , west_virginia , montana , and washington .
amend the marine protection , research , and sanctuaries act of 1972 to add permit requirement with respect to site designation for the dumping of dredged , chemical , radioactive , and other material .
amend the federal water_pollution_control_nact to extend through fy 2001 the authorization of appropriation for the office of the management conference of the long_island sound study .
amend the internal_revenue_code_nto extend expenditure authority under the harbor maintenance trust fund .
l'empereur smith be a " lucky luke " adventure write by goscinny and illustrate by morris .
-pron- be the forty fifth book in the series and -pron- be originally publish in french in the year 1976 .
the story be loosely base on the life of the historical emperor norton of san_francisco .
the status of woman in argentina have change significantly follow the return of democracy in 1983 ; and -pron- have attain a relatively high level of equality .
in the global_gender_gap_nreport prepare by the world economic_forum in 2009 , argentine woman rank 24th among 134 country study in term of -pron- access to resource and opportunity relative to man .
-pron- enjoy comparable level of education , and somewhat high school enrollment ratio than -pron- male_counterparts .
-pron- be well integrate in the nation 's cultural and intellectual life , though less so in the nation 's economy .
-pron- economic clout in relation to man be high than in most latin american country , however , and numerous argentine woman hold top post in the argentine corporate world ; among the good know be cris morena , owner of the television production company by the same name , maría amalia lacroze de fortabat , former ceo and majority stakeholder of loma_negra , the nation 's large cement manufacturer , and ernestina_herrera_de_nnoble , director of grupo_clarín , the premier medium group in argentina .
argentine woman , however , continue to face numerous systemic challenge common to those in other nation .
domestic violence in argentina be a serious problem , as be obstacle to the timely prosecution of rape , the prevalence of sexual_harassment , and a persistent gender pay gap , among other iniquity .
in the early nineteenth_century , the spanish crown rule the region now encompass by the modern country of argentina , uruguay , and paraguay , via the viceroyalty of rio de_la_plata_n, with the capital in buenos_aires .
with the napoleonic invasion of spain in 1808 , area of the viceroyalty rise in revolt .
one of the participant in the war for independence be juana azurduy , who be honor now by both bolivia and argentina as contribute to independence .
in 2009 , argentine president_cristina_fernández_nde_kirchner promote azurduy to the rank of general in the argentine army from lieutenant_colonel .
the argentine army name an infantry_regiment base in the northern region of salta as " generala juana azurduy . "
in june 2014 , president fernández_de_kirchner_nunveil the new argentine 10-peso note with the image of azurduy .
argentina in the early nineteenth_century have few city , but the port of buenos_aires grow from a backwater of the spanish empire into a major port in the late eighteenth_century .
rural area in argentina be sparsely_populated by the indigenous_mapuche and gauchos , mixed race man on horseback who hunt free - range cattle for -pron- hide and to make dry beef . non - indigenous woman on the vast argentine_pampas be few , and depict in art as vulnerable to abduction by " barbarian " indians .
follow president juan_perón 's enactment of woman 's suffrage in 1949 , first lady evita_perón lead the peronist women 's party until -pron- death in 1952 , and help enhance the role of woman in argentine society .
woman play a significant role as both supporter and opponent of the national reorganization process , argentina 's last dictatorship , in the late 1970 , and the establishment of the mothers of the plaza de mayo , an advocacy group lead by mother of the disappeared , be do by azucena_villaflor de vicenti and , mostly , other woman , on the rationale that -pron- would be less likely to be the target of repression ( villaflor de vicenti and -pron- fellow founder be murder by the regime in 1977 ) .
woman 's right in argentina progress in significant way follow the return of democracy in 1983 .
president raúl_alfonsín sign law in 1987 both limit " patria potesta " ( the latitude give to a father regard -pron- treatment of fellow household member , particularly child ) and legalize divorce , help resolve the legal status of 3 million adult live in legal separation .
the argentine quota law sign by president_carlos_menem_nin 1991 provide that one - third of the member of both house of congress must be woman , a goal achieve through balanced election slate .
as of 2006 , there be 29 woman in the 72-seat senate , 86 woman in the 257-seat argentine chamber of deputies , two female supreme_court_justices_n, and three woman in the presidential cabinet .
the president of argentina , cristina_fernández_de_nkirchner be elect in 2007 ; the runner - up in the crowded field be also a woman , elisa_carrió .
with regard to the organization of family life , argentina have a history of social conservatism , and the influence of catholicism in argentina have be very strong throughout the 20th century .
in argentina , divorce be legalize only in 1987 , and the legalization be the result of a struggle between different government and conservative group , mostly connect to the catholic_church , that last a whole century .
in 1987 , president raúl_alfonsín be successful in pass the divorce law , follow a ruling of the supreme_court .
the new law also provide for gender_equality between the wife and husband .
by 1987 , when divorce be legalize , only three other latin american country prohibit divorce ( paraguay and colombia , which legalize -pron- 1991 , and chile which legalize -pron- in 2004 ) .
adultery be decriminalize in 1995 .
also , a new " civil and commercial code " , modernize family law , come into force in august 2015 .
violence against woman be a serious problem in argentina .
amnesty_international report in february 2012 that a woman die every two day as a result of domestic violence in argentina .
the civil_society organization la_casa_del_nencuentro report that between january and september 2013 , 209 woman die as a result of domestic or gender - base violence .
in 2009 , argentina enact " ley de protección integral para prevenir , sancionar y erradicar la_violencia contra_las mujere en_los ámbitos en_que desarrollen sus relacion es interpersonal [ ley 26.485 ] " ( the comprehensive law on the prevention , punishment and elimination of violence against women in -pron- interpersonal_relations [ law 26.485 ] ) .
in november 2012 , the congress pass an anti femicide law imposing_stricter penalty on perpetrator who kill -pron- spouse , partner , or child as a consequence of gender base violence .
while individual prostitution be legal in argentina , the promotion , facilitation , or force of people into prostitution be illegal .
argentina be a source , transit , and destination country for sex trafficking of woman .
sex trafficking victim often come from paraguay and the dominican_republic .
sexual_harassment in the public sector be prohibit and be subject to disciplinary or corrective_measures .
in some jurisdiction , such as buenos_aires city , sexual_harassment may lead to the abuser ’s dismissal , but in other , such as in santa_fe province , the maximum penalty be five day in prison .
the law prohibit rape , include spousal_rape ; but the need for proof , either in the form of clear physical injury or the testimony of a witness , have often present difficulty in prosecute such crime .
woman ’s right advocate have accuse the police , hospital , and court of hostile attitude against victim of sexual violence .
the 2009 law on violence against woman ( law 26.485 ) have comprehensive provision against sexual violence , include sexual violence within marriage ( in particular article 5(3 ) ) .
before a change in law in 1999 , sexual offense be classify as " offence against honesty " , and the concept of " honest woman " appear in certain sexual crime .
act no . 25,087 of 1999 ( " ley n_° 25.087 " ) reform the legislation , and change -pron- name to " offence against sexual integrity " .
although since the 1869 enactment of the argentine civil_code , all citizen be consider equal , and the constitution of argentina also state at section 16 that " the argentine nation admit neither blood nor birth prerogative : there be neither personal privilege nor title of nobility .
all -pron- inhabitant be equal before the law , and admissible to employment without any other requirement than -pron- ability .
equality be the basis of taxation and public burden " , woman often encounter economic discrimination and hold a disproportionately high number of lower - pay job .
approximately 70 percent of woman employ outside the home work in unskilled job , although more woman than man hold university degree .
accord to a 2007 study by the foundation for latin american economic research ( fiel ) , man earn 5 percent more than woman for equivalent full - time work in the greater buenos_aires area , and earn 21 percent more than woman for equivalent part - time work , an imbalance explicitly prohibit by law : prison term of up to three year can be issue for discrimination base on gender .
abortion in argentina remain prohibit , and be legal only in case of rape , or where the life of the mother be in danger .
the argentine penal_code 846 , moreover , be amend in 2008 to place strict sanction against woman who seek an abortion , as well as any medical staff involve in the act .
these limitation notwithstanding , an estimate 500,000 abortion be perform annually in argentina ( compare to around 700,000 live birth ) , result in at least 10,000 hospitalization due to complication ( estimate vary_widely ) and around 100 death ( a third of all maternal_mortality ) .
traditionally , access to contraceptive have long be discourage by a succession of argentine government , which instead reward large family with subsidy rise disproportionately with the seventh child .
although argentine woman have long have among latin_america 's low birth rate ( average 2.3 birth per woman in recent year ) , the policy have tend to encourage high birth rate in the low stratum of society ( include woman least able to afford large family ) .
contraceptive be widely use by sexually_active argentine woman , as condom be by argentine man , and a variety of birth control product can be obtain freely in pharmacy ; the argentine government begin -pron- free distribution in 2003 .
in general , couple and individual have the right to decide freely the number , space , and timing of child , and have access to information and reproductive health service .
the law require the government to provide free contraceptive .
traditionally , politic be see a male domain .
the legal and social role of woman in argentina be mostly dictate by the spanish law ( which -pron- be base on roman law ) and by the catholic_church .
as such , woman be subordinate first to -pron- father and then to -pron- husband .
today , however , woman have a notable presence in argentinian politic , and -pron- make up more than a third of the parliament .
argentina have two female president : isabel martínez de_perón and cristina_fernández_de_nkirchner .
the national council of women carry out program to promote equal social , political , and economic opportunity for woman .
the council work with the special representative for international woman 's issue , the ministry of labor , and union and business organization to form the tripartite committee on equal_opportunity for men and women in the workplace , which seek to foster equal treatment and opportunity for man and woman in the job market .
in 1985 , argentina ratify the convention for the elimination of all forms of discrimination_against women ( cedaw ) .
in 1994 , the national constituent convention incorporate the ratification of the cedaw into the text of the new constitution .
during the 1990 , some law begin to tackle domestic violence , by empower police agency and provincial judicial authority to establish preventive_measures .
although the government of argentina ratify the inter - american convention on the prevention , punishment and eradication of violence_against women in 1996 ( enact in the 1994 convention of belem do pará ) , not all argentine province have promulgate regulation for -pron- application .
despite the creation in 1985 of the women 's department under the auspex of the office of the president , provincial delegation or women 's sections still have not be establish throughout the entire nation .
portrait of typical woman from argentina
fourstones be a village in northumberland , england .
the village lie on the north bank of the river south tyne about west of hexham .
newbrough and fourstones be on the stanegate roman road , build in ad  71 , which run from east to west and form the original northern frontier before the building of hadrian 's wall .
newbrough ’s church stand on the site of one of the line of fort along this road .
fourstones be the site of the first official boy_scouts camp hold by lord baden - powell in 1908 .
the camp be at carr edge farm and a monument stand in the wood nearby .
" leigh wilson redirect here .
for those of a similar name , see lee wilson ( disambiguation ) "
leigh allison wilson , ( bear october 23 , 1957 ) be an american short story writer , and teacher .
-pron- work have appear in " harper 's " , " grand street " , and the " southern review " .
-pron- story " bullhead " be read on national public radio in 2008 .
wilson be bear in rogersville , tennessee .
-pron- graduate from williams college , " magna_cum_laude_n" , study at university of virginia , and graduate from iowa writers ' workshop with an mfa .
-pron- reside in oswego , new_york , where -pron- teach at the state university of new_york at oswego .
-pron- teach at university of nebraska , omaha .
wilson 's first book of story , " from the bottom up " , be publish by penguin_books and win the flannery_o'connor award from the university of georgia press .
governor of north borneo
the governor of north borneo be the appoint head of the government of north borneo .
originally the governor be appoint by the north borneo chartered company , which be responsible for the administration of the protectorate .
upon north borneo become a crown colony in 1946 , in the aftermath of the second world war , the governor of british north borneo become an appointee of the crown ( i.e. of the government of the united_kingdom ) .
the 29th césar awards ceremony , present by the académie_des arts et techniques du_cinéma , honour the good film of 2003 in france and take place on 21 february 2004 at the théâtre_du_châtelet_nin paris .
the ceremony be chair by fanny_ardant and host by gad_elmaleh . "
the barbarian_invasions " win the award for best film .
cover of " l'empereur smith " , goscinny , morris , dargaud ; source :
-pron- be believe that this image , luckylukeempereur.jpg , be subject to fair use in the article " l'empereur smith " because :
rock ' n ' rave be the second studio album by italian dj and record producer benny_benassi .
-pron- be release on 3 june 2008 , through ultra music .
maharashtra_ekikaran_samiti_n( , mes ) be a regional party base in belagavi ( belgaum ) city of india 's karnataka state .
-pron- have campaign for the merger of belgaum to the neighbour maharashtra state .
-pron- claim to represent the marathi - speak people in the region .
maharashtra have a long - stand dispute with karnataka on the status of belagavi district in north - west karnataka .
belagavi be formerly part of maharashtra 's predecessor bombay state .
-pron- be merge into karnataka 's predecessor state mysore during the 1956 state reorganisation .
the maharashtra_ekikaran_samiti_n( mes ) have come into be in 1948 , aim at oppose the propose merger ( which finally happen in 1956 ) .
in 2013 municipal corporation election in belagavi , party win 33 seat out of the 58 wards .
in the 2013 karnataka legislative_assembly election , the party win 2 seat .
kay lee arthur ( bear november 11 , 1933 ) be an international bible teacher , four - time ecpa christian book award win author , and co - ceo of precept_ministries_international_n.
kay have systematize study the bible , develop a set of step to follow so as to " mine " the detail of the give book under study .
be systematize , -pron- be accessible to lay person , rather than scholar only .
-pron- method have be use by thousand , be teach and utilize in small to medium - sized home study group .
this method do not teach anything as to what the book under study teach , but guide the process of the student discover what be within -pron- .
this method relies_heavily on inductive study , the process of build the picture from the detail .
-pron- method of bible study , as well as -pron- bible teaching , -pron- championing of the inductive bible_study method , and -pron- national and international medium broadcast have inspire many other to study the bible methodically .
kay lee arthur be bear on november 11 , 1933 , in jackson , michigan .
-pron- grow up in a home that honor god .
-pron- family move frequently , and in each new community -pron- look for a church home first , and then look for a house to live in .
attend tennessee temple university , -pron- begin nurse school , and graduate in 1955 at age 21 .
-pron- marry -pron- first husband , frank thomas goetz , jr. , who suffer from a bipolar_disorder and be manic_depressive .
-pron- divorce -pron- in 1961 .
-pron- committed_suicide several year later .
kay explain in 2008 , " sin will take -pron- farther than -pron- ever intend to go , -pron- will cost -pron- more than -pron- ever expect to pay , and -pron- will keep -pron- longer than -pron- ever intend to stay .
unfortunately , over the next few year , -pron- seek comfort with several other man include a two - year relationship with a married man .
" one day -pron- go down on -pron- knee , a harlot , and -pron- get up a saint .
afterwards , -pron- move on and meet jack arthur ( bear march 14 , 1926 , in chattanooga , tennessee ) , at the same university -pron- have attend , a decade prior .
the couple be marry on december 16 , 1965 and -pron- be both serve as missionary in mexico in the late 1960 when medical problem force -pron- to leave the mission field .
jack graduate from tennessee temple with a th .
g. in 1956 .
-pron- begin an adventure that would eventually take -pron- to 70 country , serve with the pocket testament league for 10 year .
kay and jack return to -pron- home base in chattanooga , tennessee , confident that the lord have further plan for -pron- .
jack become the station manager of a local christian radio station , and kay teach the bible to teen in -pron- living room .
the number of teen attend kay ’s bible study group steadily grow , and a 32-acre farm be purchase to accommodate the expand ministry , which be name " reach_out ranch " .
the radio station be sell in 1972 , and jack become full - time administrator for " reach_out ranch " .
the ministry ’s name be eventually change to precept_ministries_international_n( pmi ) , in order to more clearly communicate the organization ’s focus of establish people in god ’s word .
arthur 's husband of 51 year , jack , who battle cancer , die from alzheimer 's disease in chattanooga , tennessee , on january 9 , 2017 , at age 90 .
since co - found precept_ministries_international_n, kay have write more than 100 book and bible study , with over 11 million in print .
-pron- inductive bible study be available in nearly 150 country in approximately 70 language .
precept inductive bible_study group meet in all 50 state of the usa .
kay be a conference speaker who speak extensively , both nationally and internationally , teach the word of god and the inductive bible_study method .
-pron- be award the nrb hall of fame award at the 2011 national_religious_broadcasters_n( nrb ) convention & exposition.“the paramount concern kay arthur have be for the sheep to follow the good_shepherd , " say nrb president and ceo , dr. frank wright .
" kay and jack have dedicate four decade to equip christians with the tool necessary to mine the scripture on -pron- own .
kay host a daily radio , television and online ( www .
)
bible_study teaching program call " precepts for life " , which walk listener through the bible , book - by - book and verse - by - verse , use the inductive bible_study method . "
precept for life " have an audience reach of over 75 million household and broadcast to over 30 country .
" precept for life " be vote best television teaching program for 2004 and 2009 by the national_religious_broadcasters_n.
kay arthur be the founder of transform student ministries www .
transformstudent.org , which be the generational equip arm of precept_ministries_international_n.
the mission for both precept_ministries and transform student ministries be to come alongside teen , college student , and leader to root -pron- in god ’s word .
the ministries’ focus be three - fold : 1 ) to challenge youth to know god and walk obediently by instruct on how to study -pron- word inductively ; 2 ) to train -pron- to lead other in the power of the holy_spirit ; and 3 ) to provide biblical discipleship through bible study material , conference , seminar , and camp .
kay be award the nrb hall of fame award at the national_religious_broadcasters_n( nrb ) convention and exposition in 2011 .
kay arthur , lois crawford , and aimee_semple_mcpherson_nbe the only female recipient of this prestigious award .
other hall of fame award winner include : billy_graham , chuck_colson , william bright , james dobson , larry burkett and a host of additional christians ; all christian communicator who have exhibit the high standard of faithfulness in christian service .
in 2007 and 2008 , kay arthur , along with beth moore and priscilla_shirer , found deeper still : the event , a lifeway weekend conference feature the three woman .
kay receive a doctor of humane_letters from tennessee temple university in chattanooga , tennessee in 2007 .
-pron- currently serve as executive_vice president of precept_ministries , and -pron- and jack share the office of ceo .
kay be active in social medium outreach and have currently more than 100,000 facebook fan and build community on twitter .
in november 2009 , arthur sign an ecumenical statement know as the " " call on evangelical , catholics and orthodox not to comply with rule and law permit abortion , same - sex_marriage and other matter that go against -pron- religious conscience .
bury by the times
bury by the times , a book by laurel_leff , associate_professor of journalism at northeastern university , be a critical account of " the new_york times"s coverage of nazi_atrocities against jews that culminate in the holocaust .
the book argue that the news be often bury in the back page in part due to the view about judaism of the paper 's jewish publisher , arthur hays_sulzberger .
-pron- also give a critical look at the work of " times " correspondent in europe .
the placement of news article in a newspaper be a good indication of the importance give by the newspaper to a story . "
the times " consistently place major story about the nazi treatment of european jews on back page " by the soap and shoe_polish ad . "
leff find that during the period september 1939 to may 1945 very few story about jewish victim make the " times " front page . "
the story of the holocaust — mean article that focus on the discrimination , deportation , and destruction of the jews — make the " times " front page just 26 time , and only in six of those story be jews identify on the front as the primary victim . "
leff point out that the " times " often use a more generic term such as refugee or nationality to refer to nazi victim who be jewish .
in -pron- review , gal_beckerman write , " more shocking even than the chronic burying of article with the word jew in -pron- be how often that word be rub out of article that specifically deal with the jewish condition .
-pron- ’ almost surreal at time .
how could -pron- possibly tell the story of the warsaw_ghetto_uprising_nwithout mention jews ?
but " the times " do , describe how 500,000 person … be herd into less than 7 percent of warsaw ’s building , and how 400,000 person be deport to -pron- death at treblinka .
as leff put -pron- , " the times " , when -pron- run front - page story , describe refugee seek shelter , frenchmen face confiscation , or civilian die in german camp , without make clear the refugee , frenchmen , and civilian be mostly jews . "
sulzberger be a convince reformed jew which be the basis of -pron- assimilationist approach : judaism for -pron- be only a religion and that jews be neither a race nor a people any more than presbyterians or methodists be a race .
in december 1942 in a memo to new_york times staff -pron- write " -pron- have be try to instruct the people around here on the subject of the word ‘ jews’ , i.e. , that -pron- be neither a race nor a people , etc . ,
" former " new_york times " journalist ari goldman , in -pron- review of the book , write : " there can be little doubt that sulzberger ’s view about judaism trickle down to the editor make the decision about what to put in the newspaper every day . "
leff examine the stance and performance of the " times"s reporting and editorial staff .
in the field , " -pron- expose the disturbing nazi and vichy attachment of a few european correspondent . "
while back in new_york , sulzberger 's bias be share by other jewish staffer : " between -pron- and influential catholics among the crucial night editor , who decide where to place news item , the imperil jews of europe have no advocate in the newsroom . "
blame for the lack of coverage :
beside the bias and lack of competence of the european correspondent , leff " point out the problem with journalistic convention of the time , which prefer reprint government pronouncement to dig for unknown story .
there be also , of course , a disorganized jewish community and a roosevelt administration too preoccupied with the war , both not push hard enough for front - page coverage .
but the bulk of the blame , in leff ’s telling , falls_squarely at the foot of " the times"s publisher , sulzberger . "
a number of observer have observe how badly inform the american public be about the nazis ' systematic murder of european jews .
most of the review be very positive .
english historian ,
david_cesarani review the book in the jewish chronicle write : " the light which laurel_leff shed on us government policy add to the value of -pron- densely document and judiciously write study .
-pron- be a model of research with serious implication for how the press cover atrocity and genocide in -pron- own time . "
another holocaust historian , tim cole , write in the journal of jewish studies point out a wide benefit from the study : " laurel_leff 's study of the reporting of the holocaust in the page of " the new_york times " do more than simply fill a gap by offer an in - depth study of america 's most significant daily … -pron- book stand as a model for future study in this sub - field of holocaust studies … [ and ] make the book of interest not only to those want to know what " the new_york times " report on the holocaust .
leff 's study offer a broad insight into american jews in the wartime year , and in particular the relationship between one american jew and -pron- jewishness . '
columbia university journalism professor ( and former " new_york times " reporter )
ari goldman comment : " ...
laurel_leff , in -pron- excellent book , bury by the times , build a strong and convincing case that the times be deliberately downplay a major story because -pron- do not want to appear to be champion a jewish because .
like -pron- observation about the use of wire story , much of leff 's speculation can not be verify .
but there be much evidence to suggest that the editor be motivate by more than just the news .
leff document this in great detail both in term of what the times publish and in term of the opinion of -pron- publisher at the time , arthur hays_sulzberger . "
throughout the book leff 's outrage concern the behavior of " the times " be apparent .
beckerman comment favorably on -pron- : " beneath every word of laurel_leff ’s extraordinary and thorough new study of " the new_york times"s coverage of what -pron- now call the holocaust be this same desire — for the paper to be shocked and outraged beyond -pron- very black - and - white bound . "
however one reviewer criticize -pron- approach .
" the tone of leff 's account be one of unremitting outrage .
when " the times " fail to report any holocaust - relate event , -pron- be outraged .
if the paper report on -pron- , -pron- be outraged that the report be not on the front page .
when a holocaust story be on the front page , -pron- complain that -pron- be not high enough on the front page .
when there be no editorial on some holocaust - relate subject , -pron- be outraged , and if there be an editorial , -pron- be outraged that -pron- be not the lead editorial .
-pron- be regularly outraged when either reportage or commentary , wherever place , mention not jews alone but other victim as well .
when one item make clear that a majority of those kill at a certain locale be jews , -pron- complain that this be note " only once " in the story .
all of this be so over - the - top as to verge on self - parody . "
finally , former " nyt " executive editor and pulitizer_prize_winning_njournalist , max frankel use leff 's preliminary research as a reference for -pron- article criticize the " times"s reporting of the holocaust in -pron- 150th anniversary in 2001 .
-pron- write : " as laurel_leff , an assistant_professor at the northeastern school of journalism , have conclude , -pron- be a tragic demonstration of how the fact do not speak for -pron- .
-pron- have be the most diligent independent student of " the times"s holocaust coverage and deftly summarize -pron- finding last year in the harvard international journal of press / politics .
-pron- could have read the front page of " the new_york times " in 1939 and 1940 , " -pron- write , " without know that million of jews be be send to poland , imprison in ghetto , and die of disease and starvation by the ten of thousand .
-pron- could have read the front page in 1941 without know that the nazis be machine - gun hundred of thousand of jews in the soviet_union . "
frankel call -pron- " the century 's bitter journalistic failure . "
leff 's ongoing work on american response to the holocaust continue to draw commentary .
-pron- research paper "
rebuff refugee journalists :
the profession 's failure to help jews persecute by nazi_germany " assert that journalist , unlike physician and attorney , fail to establish committee to help jewish refugee secure position that would have make -pron- exempt from immigration limit and allow -pron- to come to the united_states , inspire a campaign to get the newspaper association of america to acknowledge -pron- predecessor organization in the 1930 " be wrong to turn -pron- back on jewish refugee journalist flee hitler " .
a contract with the earth
a contract with the earth be a book by newt_gingrich and terry l. maple , with a foreword by e. o. wilson .
-pron- title be derive from a 10-point " contract " the author put forward in the book .
" a contract with the earth " be , broadly , a manifesto that challenge those on the right to provide a strategy for repair the planet and call on government to embrace the concept that a healthy environment be require for a healthy democracy and economy .
this approach , alternately brand mainstream and entrepreneurial environmentalism by the author ,
with -pron- 10 " commandment " , " a contract with the earth " call for politician to abandon adversarial politic and for business and conservationist to form compatible partnership .
in one of the book 's theme , gingrich and maple argue that environmental effort should not be exclusive to one political philosophy and reject the idea that free enterprise and a clean world be oppose force .
the book generate a storm of medium attention in late 2007 and early 2008 as the u.s. presidential campaign begin to heat up .
gingrich in particular make numerous medium appearance argue that the republican party be lose popular support because -pron- response to environmental policy be simply , as -pron- put -pron- , " no ! "
maple tour the country as gingrich 's stand - in , most notably before the republicans for environmental_protection ( rep , www.repamerica.org ) during -pron- annual meeting ( at which john mccain be endorse as the most " green " of the republican presidential candidate ) .
in 2008 gingrich publish another book that advocate oil drilling , " drill here , drill now , pay less " , and many pundit call -pron- environmental commitment into question .
however , this book 's fifth chapter provide an argument for environmental protection .
like many aspect of gingrich 's career , -pron- interest in environmental issue have generate controversy .
the book , whose title be similar to gingrich 's co - author book " contract with america " , criticize the democratic_party 's legislation and litigation on environmental protection issue .
gingrich have be describe by katharine_mieszkowski as a " green conservative . "
-pron- be the former speaker of house of representatives , and maple be president and ceo of the palm_beach zoo and professor of conservation and behavior at the georgia institute of technology .
wilson be a prize - win conservation_biologist and author .
category : telephone number in pakistan
hesperochiron be a small genus of plant in the waterleaf family contain two specie native to western north america .
these be thick - root perennial herb grow in squat patch at ground level and produce bluish - white flower with yellow throat .
-pron- grow in wet area such as seepy meadow .
the specie be generally similar in appearance , with oblong green leaf up to 7 or 8 centimeter long and 2 to 3 wide , often coat with tiny hair . "
hesperochiron californicus " , the california hesperochiron , produce slightly large flower than the dwarf hesperochiron , " hesperochiron pumilus " .
bobby parker ( footballer , bear 1891 )
robert norris parker ( 27 march 1891 - 1950 ) be a scottish professional footballer whose position be centre forward .
-pron- play professionally in scotland with rangers , and in england with everton and nottingham_forest during a career interrupt by world war i , in which -pron- be seriously_injured .
-pron- later serve as manager of fraserburgh and bohemians in ireland .
bear in glasgow , parker start off -pron- career at rangers before move to play for everton in 1913 for a fee of £ 1,500 .
-pron- finish top goalscorer for everton in the 1913/14 and 1914/15 season , the latter of which -pron- be top scorer overall in the first division .
the first world war rob -pron- from cement a place amongst everton 's great as -pron- return home with a bullet_lodged in -pron- back .
the injury make -pron- a shadow of -pron- former self and -pron- be later sell to nottingham_forest .
in retirement -pron- work as manager of irish club bohemians where -pron- coach -pron- to the clean_sweep in 1927/28 ; win the league of ireland , fai cup , shield and leinster senior cup .
magnetek , inc. , be a technology company found in 1984 and headquarter in menomonee_falls , wisconsin , and be a nasdaq_global market list company .
the company develop , manufacture , and market digital power and motion control system for material handling , people - move and mining application .
-pron- power control system serve the need of select niche of traditional and emerge commercial market that be become increasingly dependent on " smart " power .
magnetek operate four iso9001:2008 certify research and manufacturing facility in north america .
the company be america 's large supplier of hydraulic drive system for industrial crane and hoist .
-pron- be also the world 's large independent builder of digital motion control system for elevator , hold this position by design and manufacture motion control subsystem .
the company 's mining division focus on coal_mining by build a hydraulic drive system that enable mining equipment to recover coal for refinement to produce " clean coal " energy .
magnetek currently primary area of business :
file : cowboys helmet - 1964.jpg
jesse newman , network of international christian schools
tuvia_bielski ( may 8 , 1906 – june 12 , 1987 ) be the leader of the bielski group , jewish partisan who set up a camp for jews flee the holocaust during world_war_ii_n.
-pron- camp be situate in the naliboki forest , which be part of poland between world war i and world_war_ii_n, and which be now in western belarus .
bielski grow up in the only polish jewish family in stankiewicze .
the small village in eastern poland ( now western belarus ) be locate between town of lida and navahrudak , both of which house jewish ghetto during world_war_ii_n.
tuvia be the son of david and beila bielski , who have 12 child : 10 boy and two girl .
tuvia be the third eld .
-pron- brother asael , alexander ( " zus " ) and aron be later to become member of -pron- partisan group .
during the first world war , bielski serve as an interpreter for the imperial german army , which be occupy the western territory of the russian empire .
already a speaker of yiddish , -pron- learn to speak the german language from these man and remember -pron- all -pron- life .
in 1927 , -pron- be recruit into the polish army , where -pron- eventually become a corporal in the 30th infantry_battalion .
after complete -pron- military service , bielski return home .
in an effort to add to -pron- family 's income , -pron- rent another mill .
this income be still inadequate , so in 1929 , at the age of 23 , -pron- marry an old woman name rifka who own a general store and a large house .
the couple live in the nearby small town of subotniki .
during the soviet_occupation in 1939 , bielski fear that -pron- would be arrest by the nkvd due to -pron- " bourgeois_capitalist " occupation , so -pron- move to lida .
before tuvia leave subotniki -pron- urge -pron- wife , rifka , to join -pron- in the move to lida .
-pron- refuse .
in soviet - control lida , bielski meet and fall in love with another woman name sonia warshavsky .
the love affair become serious .
in late 1939 , bielski divorce -pron- wife , rifka and marry sonia , though -pron- be not yet " officially " marry due to wartime condition .
sonia be kill while take shelter with other in a peasant home .
not long after , tuvia marry lila " lilka " tiktin , who be only 17 at the time .
-pron- know each other before the war and stay married until -pron- death 44 year later .
when operation_barbarossa break out , tuvia , zus , and asael be call up by -pron- army unit to fight against the nazi german occupier .
tuvia recall : " suddenly about fifty plane ( " luftwaffe " ) fly over the town drop incendiary_bombs .
in a very few minute the entire place be on fire .
the commander call -pron- in , order -pron- to leave the burn town and regroup in a forest about five kilometer from there .
-pron- be to continue work .
-pron- carry out -pron- command but soon after -pron- begin -pron- job in the forest another wave of plane fly over the area and set the wood on fire .
the commander call -pron- in and say : ' friend , -pron- be on -pron- own ! ' "
after the unit disband , the bielski_brothers flee to stankiewicze , where -pron- parent live .
in early july 1941 , a german army unit arrive in stankiewicze and jewish resident be move to a ghetto in nowogródek .
the four bielski_brothers manage to flee to the nearby forest .
-pron- parent , two of -pron- brother and other family member , include rifka and zus ' wife and child , be kill in the ghetto on december 8 , 1941 .
tuvia_bielski lead a group of jewish partisan who hide in the forest .
although always hunt by nazis , bielski 's group continue to grow .
-pron- periodically raid the ghetto to help people escape .
-pron- live in the forest for over two year , and in -pron- camp , -pron- build a school , a hospital , and a nursery .
as leader of the bielski_partisans , -pron- aim be to save the life of jews , where -pron- could make a large impact , rather than get involve with skirmish with nazis , where -pron- effect would be negligible .
thus , -pron- do not explicitly seek to attack railroad and road that the german nazis be use as supply route , but do sometimes carry out such attack in order to save jews at risk of be kill by nazis in the holocaust .
the bielski_partisans ultimately save the life of more than 1,200 jews .
in 1944 , asael bielski be conscript into the soviet army and kill in battle in germany .
after the war , tuvia , zus and -pron- wife go to israel via romania , and ultimately immigrate to the united_states in 1956 .
-pron- join -pron- old brother walter in new_york , where -pron- have go before the war .
tuvia and zus run a small trucking firm in new_york city for 30 year .
-pron- marry lilka , another jewish escapee ; -pron- remain married for the remainder of -pron- life .
-pron- have three child : son michael and robert , and daughter ruth , and ten grandchild .
granddaughter sharon rennert make a documentary about -pron- family call " in -pron- hands : the legacy of the bielski_partisans " .
when tuvia die in 1987 , -pron- be nearly penniless .
-pron- be initially bury on long_island ; one year after -pron- death , -pron- remain be exhume and take to jerusalem , where -pron- be give a state funeral with full military honor in 1988 .
the exact grave be at har tamir - a part of har hamenuchot .
the follow location be in hebrew use latin letter : gush taf - bet , chelka dal , shura 19 , kever 11 ( block 402 , section 4 , row 19 , grave 11 ) .
daniel craig portray tuvia in the film " defiance " ( 2008 ) , which have be criticise in poland due to -pron- omission of the alleged involvement of the bielski group in a massacre of polish civilian conduct by soviet - align partisan in naliboki .
the naliboki massacre be the subject of an official inquiry by the polish institute of national remembrance 's commission for the prosecution of crime against the polish nation .
the investigation continue .
the surname rumore may be of nickname origin , be derive from a personal attribute or physical characteristic of the first bearer .
in this case , the surname be derive from the italian word " rumore " which mean noise , din , clamour , outcry and uproar .
thus , the surname rumore would signify that the original bearer be of a " noisy " or " boisterous " nature .
alternatively , the surname may be a variant of the ancient french surname " romere " which be originally apply to one who have make a pilgrimage to rome .
in fact one cristiana la romere be live in suffolk england in 1273 ( hundred rolls ) .
finally , the surname rumore may be of toponymic origin , be derive from the name of the place of origin of the initial bearer .
in this instance , the surname may be derive from the place name rumour which be locate in normandy , france .
thus , the name rumore may signify one who come from " rumour . "
blazon of arms : argent ; a fess gule ; between in chief two mullet or ; and in base a rose , petal or and gule .
translation : " argent " be a color , usually silver or white .
-pron- represent peace and sincerity . "
a fess gule " be the red bar across the middle of the shield . "
gule " be the color red , and represent a warrior or martyr , and military strength and magnanimity . "
between in chief two mullet " : the word " chief " mean the top one - third of the shield ; signify dominion and authority ; often grant as a special reward for prudence and wisdom or successful command in war .
a " mullet " be a divine quality from above ; mark of the third son . "
in base of rose , petal or and gule " : a rose represent the mark of the seventh son ; hope and joy . "
gule " be the color red , and in the case of the rose mean grace and beauty .
:
the rose of the arm
there be more than several possible variation for the surname rumore .
some of -pron- be rumor , rumoro , rimore , romore , rumora , remore , and rumori .
people bear surname rumore can be mainly find in italy and the united_states , and in much low frequency in australia , canada , germany , england , france , argentina , puerto_rico and morocco .
the estimate world wide population of surname rumore be approximately 1,098 .
the frequency of " rumore 's " per one million of the population can be find in the follow country , region , and city .
australia exclude from region and city statistic due to lack of datum .
f.p.m. exclude for city statistic due to lack of datum .
accord to the 2000 u.s. census , the surname rumore rank as the 34,459th most common name in the country .
the surname have 622 occurrence in the 2000 census , and out of a sample of 100,000 people in the united_states , rumore would occur an average of 0.23 time .
96.3 percent , or 599 total occurrence , be " non - hispanic white only " and 3.38 percent , or 21 total occurrence , be " hispanic origin . "
an insignificant percent , or less than 100 total occurrence , be " non -
asian
, pacific_islander , non -
hispanic american indian and alaskan_native . "
most of the rumore population be cluster in the north east , and south east of the u.s.
the high frequency per million can be find in the state of new_hampshire and in the city of rockford , illinois .
base on the 2000 census figure , the current population be estimate at 705 .
people bear the rumore surname first appear in the 1830 u.s. federal census , but be most likely not of italian descent , and perhaps a spelling or transcription error .
the surname show up in subsequent census , 1850 , 1860 and 1870 .
the surname be not list in the 1840 , and 1880 census and the 1890 census be destroy in a fire .
none of -pron- have a rumore of italian descent .
rumore 's of italian descent start appear in the 1900 census .
the following be the year and population of anyone bear the rumore surname start in 1900 ( 55 ) , 1910 ( 130 ) , 1920 ( 253 ) , 1930 ( 346 ) 1940 ( 331 )
accord to record from the social security death index
start from 1953 until 2010 , the life_expectancy of people bear the rumore surname be comparable to the general public .
the old male be find to be 99.5 year of age , and the old female be 101.3 .
most of the rumore population be cluster in the south of italy , mainly sicily .
the estimate population of the people bear the surname rumore in italy be approximately 321 .
the surname only occur in about 50 town throughout italy , and 17 out of 390 sicilian town .
accord to linkedin.com , there be 267 people bear the rumore surname with professional profile register worldwide .
this be as of april , 2012 .
188 of the profile be for people live in the u.s. , and in much low frequency in italy , australia , canada , puerto_rico and argentina .
the top 10 industry -pron- be report to be work in be : financial_services ( 11 ) , construction ( 11 ) , insurance ( 8) , education management ( 8) hospital & health care ( 7 ) , information_technology and services ( 7 ) , entertainment ( 6 ) law practice ( 5 ) , legal services ( 5 ) , pharmaceuticals ( 5 ) .
accord to several donation record , between 1988 and 2010 , 6 people bear the rumore surname have donate to a republican candidate or organization , and 8 people have donate to a democratic candidate or organization .
donation make to special interest group be not count .
base on datum compile by clarity campaign lab and targetsmart communications , -pron- estimate that the breakdown by party be 52 % republican , and 48 % democrat .
accord to publicly available international telephone_directories and national electoral registry for the period 2000 - 2005 , the top forenam for the " rumore " surname be giuseppe , joseph , thomas , salvatore , giovanni , frank , paul , michael , giovanna , and antonino .
the most common forename in the united_states be joseph , frank , thomas , anthony , john , michael , mary , victor , peter and david .
the be a small right japanese nationalist party .
the idea -pron- promote include use the armed_forces to defend japan and the promotion of the japanese emperor as someone that be high than any other authority .
however -pron- also invite to one of -pron- discussion kimura mitsuhiro of another extreme right wing group issuikai ( 一水会 ) .
kimura make friend with politician like jean_marie le_pen .
maryland dykes potter ( november 18 , 1910 in ashland , kentucky – february 27 , 2002 in greenup , kentucky ) , be a professional baseball player who pitch in the major_leagues in two game for the 1938 brooklyn_dodgers .
le_fil qui chante
le_fil qui chante be a " lucky luke " adventure write by goscinny and illustrate by morris .
-pron- be the forty sixth book in the series and be originally publish in french in the year 1977 .
the story be base on the historical feat of construct the first transcontinental telegraph line connect the american west and east coast in 1861 .
the title , " the singing wire " , refer both to " sing " of wire ( cause by vortex_shedding ) , and the transmission of communication ( later voice ) across electric cable .
the story feature cameos of real - life historical figure like buffalo bill , james gamble , edward creighton , hiram sibley , brigham_young and abraham_lincoln .
joseph b. varnum jr.
joseph bradley varnum jr. ( june 9 , 1818 washington , d.c.
– december 31 , 1874 astoria , queens , then long_island city , now in queens , new_york city ) be an american lawyer and politician .
-pron- be a grandson of joseph bradley varnum .
-pron- graduate from yale college in 1838 , where -pron- be a member of skull and bones .
-pron- study law at yale and with roger b._taney in baltimore , maryland , and be admit to the bar in 1840 .
-pron- practice law in baltimore for several year before move to new_york city , where -pron- acquire a large practice .
-pron- be a whig member of the new_york state assembly ( new_york co. ) in 1849 , 1850 and 1851 .
varnum be choose speaker_pro_tempore_nin june 1851 , and preside over the assembly for the duration of the special session .
-pron- be again a member of the state assembly ( new_york co. , 13th d. ) in 1857 , and be the know nothing candidate for speaker .
at one time -pron- be a member of the common council of new_york city .
in 1871 -pron- take an active part in the agitation against corruption in the government of new_york city .
-pron- be a contributor to magazine and newspaper , and publish in book form " the seat of government of the united_states " ( new_york , 1848 ) and " the washington sketch - book " .
varnum die on new year 's eve , 1874 .
-pron- be bury in congressional cemetery in washington , d.c.
an even scarier solstice
an even scarier solstice be a parody album , mix christmas_carols with the cthulhu_mythos .
-pron- be produce and perform by member of the h. p. lovecraft historical_society .
-pron- be the sequel to the 2003 album " a very scary solstice " .
file : dance_dance revolution north american playstation cover art.png
antoni " kajtek " czortek (; 1915–2003 ) be a polish boxing champion , one of the polish legend of this sport .
czortek be a 1939 silver_medalist of amateur championships of europe , multiple champion of poland and participant of the 1936 olympic_games in berlin .
-pron- be also remember due to -pron- heroic struggle for life in the auschwitz_concentration_camp_n.
czortek be bear on july 2 , 1915 , in grudziądz ( german : " graudenz " ) , then part of the german empire .
-pron- start -pron- career in the local club gks grudziądz , but soon afterwards , -pron- talent be notice in warsaw .
-pron- move to the capital of poland and represent the team of skoda warszawa ( team 's name be in 1936 change into okęcie warszawa ) .
finally , after world_war_ii_n, -pron- settle in radom , where -pron- fight for radomiak radom , and then become a successful coach .
-pron- name be know to all box fan in poland in the 1930 and late 1940 , as -pron- participate in 23 official international boxing match , out of which -pron- win eighteen fight , lose four and tie one .
in 1936 -pron- take part in the summer olympic_games in berlin , in the bantamweight class .
in the first round -pron- beat french boxer pierre bonnet , but in the second round -pron- lose to south african fighter alec hannan .
czortek be much more successful during the 1937 european amateur_boxing_championships_n.
that year , in milan , italy , -pron- be fourth in the bantamweight , lose to the future champion , anton osca from romania .
two year later , during the 1939 european amateur_boxing_championships_nin dublin , -pron- win silver , after beat karl käbi from estonia and lambert genot from belgium .
in the final fight , czortek lose to patrick dowdall from ireland .
in the 1930 czortek be a top boxer in -pron- homeland , win -pron- first gold at the age of nineteen , in 1934 in poznań .
-pron- be a champion of poland three time in the interwar_period ( 1934 , 1938 , 1939 ) ( -pron- would also win a national championship in 1949 , after the war ) ; -pron- have numerous silver and bronze_medals ( -pron- be second in the polish championship in 1935 and 1948 , and third in 1936 ) .
during the polish september campaign , czortek fight together with -pron- division near the border town of wieluń .
after poland ’s defeat , -pron- return to warsaw , and hide there , use the name antoni kamiński .
the gestapo be look for -pron- , and after some time , the boxer have to leave warsaw and stay in the countryside near grójec , with -pron- wife ’s family .
shoot in the leg by a german patrol ( -pron- continue to limp until -pron- death ) , czortek be recognize and send to auschwitz .
-pron- heroic struggle for survival be still remember in poland .
czortek , who have the number 139559 , be force by the ss guard to participate in boxing match .
altogether , -pron- take part in fifteen fight there , most of -pron- with much heavy inmate , and one with an ss trooper name walter , this last fight be crucial , as if -pron- be defeat , the germans intend to kill -pron- .
in 1944 -pron- be transfer to mauthausen - gusen , and in the spring of 1945 be free by the americans .
upon return to poland , czortek settle back in warsaw , but in 1947 , after lose a fight to an unknown boxer from częstochowa , -pron- leave the capital and move to radom .
as -pron- later tell reporter , -pron- be too ashamed to stay in warsaw after -pron- unexpected loss , and gladly_accepted the offer from radom .
-pron- wife be a native of warsaw and do not want to move , but -pron- be promise a two - bedroom apartment and -pron- relent .
czortek fight until 1949 , win the polish national championship .
-pron- then become a coach in radom , teach amongst other the olympic champion kazimierz pazdzior .
czortek be well - respect and be make an honorary citizen of radom , and be frequently invite to gala and banquet .
in summer of 1978 czortek have a cameo part in polish boxing feature movie " clinch " direct by piotr andrejew ( film release in 1979 ) .
czortek die on january 15 , 2004 , in radom , and be bury at a local cemetery .
cover of " le_fil qui chante " , goscinny , morris , dargaud ; source :
-pron- be believe that this image , luckylukechante.jpg , be subject to fair use in the article " le_fil qui chante " because :
hippolyte jean blanc ( 18 august 1844 – 17 march 1917 ) be a scottish architect .
best know for -pron- church building in the gothic_revival style , blanc be also a keen antiquarian who oversee meticulously_researched restoration project .
hippolyte blanc be bear at 37 north frederick street in edinburgh , third son of four child , to french parent , who run a business on george street import and manufacture lady shoe .
-pron- father , victor jacques blanc , be from privas in the ardèche area of france .
-pron- meet -pron- mother , sarah or sartia bauress , whilst live in dublin and move to edinburgh around 1840 .
-pron- firm " madame blanc et_fils " be at 68 george street immediately opposite a house -pron- move to later in hippolyte 's life at 69 george street .
blanc attend george heriot 's school , win the dux medal in 1859 , and be then article to the architect david rhind .
while work for rhind , -pron- attend class at the school of art and design , where -pron- meet thomas ross , and become interested in medieval architecture .
in 1864 , after complete -pron- article , -pron- join the government office of works under robert matheson , where -pron- become a senior draughtsman in 1869 .
-pron- marry elizabeth shield on 21 august 1873 , and -pron- move to 12 st_vincent street .
-pron- later move to the grange area in south edinburgh : first to 2 thirlestane road and finally to 17 strathearn_place .
for much of -pron- career blanc 's office be at 40 frederick street , extremely close to -pron- parental home and -pron- shop .
in 1901 the office move to 1 rutland square .
from the early 1870s , blanc begin to undertake private commission .
in 1875 , -pron- win -pron- first architectural competition , for christ church , morningside , and the following year win a second , for mayfield free church .
-pron- leave the office of works in 1878 to concentrate on -pron- increase workload , and by 1887 -pron- have take on a partner , james gordon .
blanc execute numerous church building , include kirkliston free church ( 1880 ) , st luke 's , broughty_ferry ( 1884 ) , coats memorial baptist_church , paisley ( 1885 ) , st matthew 's parish church ( now morningside parish church ) ( 1888 , open 1890 ) and morningside free church , edinburgh ( 1892 ) , now the church hill theatre .
-pron- carry out restoration work to edinburgh castle ( 1886 ) , john knox house ( 1886 ) , st_cuthbert 's church , edinburgh ( 1892 ) , and st duthac 's church , tain ( 1896 ) .
secular work include mayville gardens in trinity , edinburgh , a pleasant and quirky victorian cul - de - sac with a low terrace of ornate house on each side ( 1881 ) .
other major commission include house at eriska , argyll , and ferguslie_park , paisley ( 1888–91 ) , since demolish .
bangour village hospital , west_lothian , be a competition win in 1898 , and -pron- design the former bernard 's brewery building in gorgie ( 1887 ) .
blanc also design several monument .
in 1912 -pron- take -pron- son , frank edward belcombe blanc , into partnership , and from 1913 -pron- own architectural work draw to a close .
-pron- son continue to practice under the name hippolyte j. blanc & son , until around 1950 .
from 1893 to 1898 -pron- nephew , louis david blanc ( 1877 - 1944 ) , also train under -pron- ( work largely on the coats memorial church in paisley ) .
louis go on to specialise in department store design , be employ by harrod as -pron- in - house architect from around 1928 .
blanc 's eldest_son , victor hippolyte blanc , choose to be a dentist rather than an architect .
sir frank mears train under hippolyte from 1896 to 1901 .
alexander lorne campbell train under -pron- in 1897 .
in 1871 blanc be elect president of the edinburgh architectural association for the first of three time .
-pron- become a fellow of the society of antiquaries of scotland in 1879 , a fellow of the royal institute of british architects ( riba ) in 1901 , and be elect to the royal scottish academy ( rsa ) in 1896 .
in addition , -pron- be an active member of several other learn society .
-pron- write and lectured_extensively , largely on the subject of medieval church architecture .
blanc serve as president and treasurer of the rsa from 1907–17 , and be president of the edinburgh photographic_society from 1888 until 1892 , and honorary president from 1896 until -pron- death .
in 1910 -pron- be appoint to a royal commission which oversee british involvement in international exhibitions hold in brussels ( 1910 ) , rome ( 1911 ) and turin ( 1911 ) .
-pron- be active in encourage the career of young architect , and act as assessor on several architectural competition .
blanc die from pneumonia at -pron- home at 17 strathearn_place , morningside , and be bury in warriston cemetery in -pron- low section , just south of the vault , se of the monument to james young simpson .
kanturk gaa be a gaelic_athletic association club with gaelic football and hurl team , base in the town of kanturk , county cork , ireland which form part of the parish of kanturk and lismire .
-pron- be affiliate with cork gaa and play in duhallow division competition .
-pron- hurling team currently compete in the cork intermediate_hurling_championship_n.
the club 's gaelic football team compete in the cork intermediate football championship have win the cork junior football championship in 2011 .
the club have be in existence since 1882 , prior to the formation of the gaelic_athletic association .
-pron- be in football that kanturk be a force be the early year when in 1897 the cork senior football championship final be reach before lose to famed dohenys of dunmanway by 5pt to 4pts after a replay .
both game be play in cork park in october 1897 .
kanturk reach -pron- second senior county football final in 1902 .
the game be play at mallow on 16 november 1903 as the various county championship run very late .
once again kanturk have to contend with defeat when -pron- lose by 0–10 to 1–1 to lees .
in 1909 the championship be re - organise to have senior , intermediate and junior grade .
kanturk be senior that year but re - grade to intermediate in 1910 .
this be to prove to be a master stroke as kanturk win the cork intermediate football championship final of that year when -pron- defeat c.y.m.s. in the final played at fermoy on 5 september by 3–4 to 0–1 .
of the kanturk team , p carver ( capt ) , r moynihan , p dennehy and d singleton represent the club on the cork junior football team .
after the advent of the duhallow gaa board in 1933 , kanturk 's first win be in the examiner cup , junior football league in 1942 .
the duhallow junior a hurling_championship be win two year later with a return to divisional hurl championship honour in 1949 and see the club progress to a first ever cork junior hurling_championship final in october only to lose to bandon by 7–3 t0 1–2 .
at the cork athletic grounds .
novice football victory in 1952 be follow by examiner cup , junior football league victory in 1953 , before the club 's first duhallow junior a football championship be win in 1954 with victory over dromtarriffe at banteer .
1957 be a special year with kanturk win the junior football league and championship double along with junior hurling league and minor football championship , the only cup miss be the minor & junior hurling championship .
kanturk 's third duhallow junior football championship come on a never to be forget day in 1962 when both the novice and junior championships be win at millstreet .
the junior decider be a replay and knocknagree be defeat by 3–5 to 1–6 .
as the footballer play in the intermediate grade from 1965 to 1970 inclusive , -pron- be the hurl team that step up to the mark , win a record 5 duhallow junior a hurling championships in a row from 1965 to 1969 culminate in cork junior hurling_championship honour with victory over mayfield at castletownroche on a 3–7 to 1–10 score line .
the link between both county junior hurl final appearance be that 1969 win captain , denis kenneally be brother of 1949 team captain , tom kenneally .
examiner cup , junior football league success in 1973 along with novice football championship success the same year bring a hope for championship breakthrough .
sadly championship final defeat be -pron- lot in 1986 to ballydesmond , 1987(rockchapel ) , 1993(newmarket ) , 1997 & 2000 ( kiskeam ) .
success at juvenile , minor and u21 grade continue over the year to help provide a supply line of talent in both code .
defeat be also taste in the junior hurling final of 1977 to meelin and 1987 to lismire .
junior hurl league win in 1987 and 1988 give hope but the long wait for a championship breakthrough come in 2002 when out of the ash of a poor league campaign , the 33-year famine be end with a victory in the glorious_sunshine at banteer with victory over meelin .
despite county championship defeat to diarmuid o mathuna 's , kanturk recover to gain back to back duhallow junior hurling championship victory in 2003 with a replay win over freemount at kilbrin .
a narrow county semi - final defeat to dromina at buttevant follow before an invitation to up grade to intermediate level be take in 2004 .
steady progress have be make since then with championship semi - final being reach in 2007 and 2008 lose to bandon and carrigaline respectively .
in 2009 kanturk win the duhallow junior a football championship for the first time in 47 year , defeat rockchapel in the final in boherbue .
kanturk be knock in the county championship by ballygarvan after a replay .
in 2010 , kanturk again get to the duhallow final before lose out to lyre .
a third duhallow final appearance in a row in 2011saw kanturk renew rivalary with rockchapel at rathcoole .
-pron- be a rematch of the 2009 decider and the 1987 decider which be the last occasion
dromtarriffe host the duhallow showpiece .
rockchapel win on that occasion ( 1987 ) by one point and go on to win county honour .
in the 2011 duhallow final , a goal from aidan walsh midway_through the 2nd half set kanturk on -pron- way to a 1–11 to 1–06 victory .
subsequently , the club go on to win the cork junior football championship .
the north – south centre , officially the european centre for global_interdependence and solidarity , be a partial agreement -- of the council of europe , the old political organisation of european state .
-pron- be the outcome of a process start in 1984 , when the portuguese parliament host a conference hold by the council of europe 's parliamentary_assembly on " north – south : europe 's role " .
the lisbon declaration , adopt at the end of the conference , broach the idea of a european public campaign on north – south interdependence and solidarity .
the campaign be launch in 1988 with the support of the parliamentary_assembly of the council of europe and the european parliament .
-pron- end with a european conference of parliamentarian and non - governmental organisation ( madrid , 1–3 june 1988 ) , which launch the madrid appeal .
the madrid appeal lay the foundation for a dynamic dialogue between north and south in a spirit of respect for democracy and human dignity in order to allow all the world 's inhabitant to enjoy fair , balanced and sustainable development .
the portuguese government then propose set up a european centre for global_interdependence and solidarity , a proposal support by the council of europe parliamentary_assembly in a recommendation adopt in january 1989 .
the north – south centre , be establish in lisbon in may 1990 with the purpose of promote dialogue between north and south , foster solidarity and raise awareness of global interdependence .
the centre fulfil a dual political role of represent " the voice of the south " within the council of europe and of promote and transmit the value of democracy and human_rights that be central to the council of europe 's mission in neighbouring region .
the centre strive to promote gender empowerment , youth participation and democratic consolidation through intercultural_dialogue in cooperation with civil_society , local authority , government and parliament .
- 29 may 2013 :
adoption of the report on the new mission of the centre in the framework of the council of europe neighbourhood policy
- 5 may 2011 : adoption of a new statutory resolution for the nsc which enter into force on 1 june 2011
- 2010 :
accession of azerbaijan and cape_verde , the second non - european country to become a member ; celebration of the 20th anniversary of the north – south centre
- 2009 :
accession of morocco , first non european country to become a member –
the nsc have 21 member states and 1st african university on youth and development ( praia )
- 2007 : 1st africa - europe youth summit
- 2001 :
accession of germany – the nsc have 20 member states
- 2000 :
launch of the university on youth and development ( mollina )
- 1995 :
launch of the north - south prize of the council of europe ( lisbon )
- 1994 :
1st meeting of the lisbon forum " human_rights in north - south dialogue " launch of the " transmed programme
( rome )
- 1993 :
existence of the north – south centre confirm by resolution ( 93)51 of the committee of ministers of the council of europe ( 21 october ) –
the nsc have 15 member states
- 1990 : set up of the north – south centre in lisbon
- 1989 :
adoption on 16 november 1989 of the resolution ( 89)14 adopt by the committee of ministers of the council of europe endorse the creation of the north – south centre follow a proposition by the government of portugal , with 10 found country ( 16 november )
- 1988 : european public campaign on north - south interdependence and solidarity organise by the council of europe in cooperation with the european community .
-pron- end with a european conference of parliamentarian and non - governmental organisation ( madrid , 1–3 june 1988 ) , which issue the madrid appeal
- 1984 : conference organise in lisbon hold by the parliamentary_assembly of the council of europe on the theme , "
north - south :
europe ’s role " and adoption of the " lisbon declaration " ( 9–11 april )
on 5 may 2011 , the committee of ministers of the council of europe adopt a new statutory resolution for the north – south centre .
this crucial step positively conclude a process launch in november 2009 by the parliamentary_assembly , in connection with the 20th anniversary of the centre .
through this decision , the member states - and indeed all the stakeholder of the north – south centre - have confirm -pron- relevance and importance , at a time when the arab country - -pron- neighbour - be face historical change .
the main line of the centre 's new statute , which enter into force on 1 june 2011 , be the following :
- the centre have keep -pron- present legal nature , and continue to function as an enlarged partial agreement of the council of europe ;
- an invitation be make to all member states of the council of europe as well as to the european_union to join the centre as soon as possible ;
- the centre act as an interface between the council of europe and country in neighbouring region which be interested in cooperate with the organisation , by offer -pron- a platform for structured cooperation at different level ( government , parliamentarian , local and regional authority , civil_society ) ;
- the two former statutory organ of the centre merge into a new " executive committee " , which be the single decision make body of the north – south centre : through this important structural change , the " quadrilogue " functioning of the centre have be preserve , while full participation of all member state in the decision making process be ensure ;
- the relationship with the european_union have be reinforce , through the introduction of the eu committee of regions as a new stake - holder of the north – south centre ;
- the priority area of the centre be confirm ( education , youth , intercultural_dialogue ) , with an increase focus on the promotion of council of europe principle and value beyond the european continent .
build on the experience , knowledge and network of contact establish over the year , the centre be an important asset of the council of europe and -pron- role have be refocus to contribute to implementation of the council of europe 's neighbourhood policy .
the centre 's multilateral activity contribute to process of democratic consolidation in member state and in neighbouring region , mainly through education to democratic citizenship and intercultural_dialogue .
the focus of many of these activity be on strengthen civil_society , in particular with regard to youth and woman .
the centre work in close cooperation with the european_union in the framework of a joint management agreement conclude between the nsc and the european commission to raise_awareness of global interdependence and solidarity through global / development education and youth cooperation in europe and beyond .
a key objective of the activity carry out under this agreement be to strengthen the role of youth and facilitate the development of policy and structure for youth participation , particularly in europe and africa .
the european centre for global_interdependence and solidarity , more commonly know as the north – south centre , be establish in november , 1989 as an " enlarged partial agreement " so that other state not member of the council of europe can also join .
there be currently 17 member states , two of whom be not member of the council of europe .
management of the north – south centre be oversee by an executive committee that be compose of member represent each of the component of the " quadrilogue . "
the " quadrilogue " be a unique north – south centre concept coin to explain a partnership which bring together representative of government , national parliament , local and regional authority and civil_society to ensure good governance of the centre representative of all the relevant stakeholder .
this system help build bridge between political actor with different approach , viewpoint and priority , generate constructive synergy and offer a platform for structured dialogue and exchange of experience and good practice .
the executive committee be the decision - make statutory organ of the centre .
on 5 may , the committee of ministers of the council of europe adopt a new statutory resolution for the north – south centre .
one of the main line of the centre 's new statute , which enter into force on 1 june 2011 , concern -pron- statutory body .
in fact , the two former statutory organ of the centre merge into a new " executive committee " .
the executive committee be the decision - make body of the centre .
the different component of the quadrilogue be represent as follow :
a government representative for each member state of the centre
four parliamentarian , 2 each from the parliamentary_assembly of the council of europe and the european parliament
four member represent organise civil_society active in priority activity area for the centre and ready to engage in concrete cooperation
a representative of the european commission
a representative of the secretary general of the council of europe in an advisory
the executive committee meet twice a year , in principle in lisbon and in strasbourg .
the current president of the executive council be jean - marie heydt .
composition of the executive committee
to facilitate efficient management , the executive committee shall elect a bureau from among -pron- member , ensure representation of each of the 4 component of the quadrilogue .
the bureau monitor the preparation and execution of programme and report to the executive committee .
-pron- also prepare the meeting of the executive committee , with the assistance of the centre 's secretariat .
the bureau shall also carry out any other task entrust to -pron- by the executive committee .
the bureau meet twice a year , in principle in lisbon and in strasbourg .
composition of the bureau
the objective of the youth co - operation programme of the centre in term of youth be to provide training and capacity building for young people and youth organisation as well as to facilitate -pron- participation in decision and policy making , in the framework of quadrilogue initiative .
this work should be develop in close co - operation with youth organisation , the youth department of the council of europe , the eu - coe youth partnership and other relevant institution work in the youth field .
the youth co - operation programme be compose by 3 main dimension :
.
a euro - arab and mediterranean dimension
.
the network of universities on youth and global citizenship
.
the africa - europe youth co - operation activity in the framework of the " joint management agreement " ( jma ) , sign with the european commission in november 2008 and renew until 2015 .
for more information , consult -pron- official website
the programme " women " aim to strengthen the role of woman as develop actor in the southern and eastern mediterranean region , and to enhance women´s empowerment at all level of governance in order to contribute to the ongoing democratic process in this geographic area , with particular attention to morocco and tunisia .
the programme be base on the follow dimension :
- women ’s participation in politic
- prevention of the violence against woman and adoption of the coe ’s convention on prevent and combat violence against woman and domestic violence ( istanbul convention )
- woman and medium
- euro - med women network
- prevention of the human trafficking
the activity of the women programme be implement in the framework of the north - south process for the empowerment of women ( nspew ) and -pron- euro - med women network ( emwn ) .
north - south process for the empowerment of women :
the north – south centre act as secretariat and monitor the euro - med women network launch in 2012 .
the euro - med women network aim at contribute to the empowerment of woman by provide -pron- member with an online platform , support by a website , which will facilitate the exchange of good practice , the identification of common challenge and the sharing of experience as well as will contribute to the identification of project and partnership .
for more information , consult -pron- official website
as a partial agreement of the council of europe , the centre share the advantage of be institutionally an integral_part of europe 's old political organisation of states .
the council of europe be often define as the " custodian " of europe 's political culture of pluralism , democracy and respect of human_rights .
the centre be under the administrative responsibility of the directorate of democracy .
this tutelage reinforce the intercultural_dialogue , education and youth dimension in the centre 's activity .
the centre be a unique confidence - build instrument that enable -pron- partner to analyse , discuss and compare -pron- policy and experience so that -pron- can share good practice , reach consensus and influence political debate .
the north – south centre 's work be base on three principle : dialogue , partnership and solidarity .
government , parliament , local and regional authority and civil_society organisation constitute the partner in the quadrilogue and be involve in the centre 's activity .
-pron- be also represent in the centre 's statutory body .
this approach help to bring the different player in north – south cooperation closer , thereby create constructive synergy .
the centre carry out study and organise debate , workshop and training course .
-pron- act as a catalyst by facilitate meeting between player from different horizon and country , work on issue of common interest and encourage the formation of network .
-pron- expertise be use and recognise by -pron- partner .
strategies and capacity_building for global education
the north – south centre ’s objective as regard global education be to develop , enhance and sustain strategy and capacity - building for global education , target institution and practitioner in the field of global education in the formal and non - formal sector .
reinforcement of policy , partnership and networking of key stakeholder in the field of global education
- joint management agreement between the ec and the nsc
objective : elaborate on the prospect of develop a european framework for global / development education , facilitate and provide the space for dialogue and networking between international and european actor , in particular in the new eu member state , and to share experience and identify common priority .
promotion of global education practices
objective : promote and encourage global education practice through share learning of global education fundamental ; support the successful implementation of global education programme activity , in close collaboration with partner and stakeholder in council of europe member state and beyond ( southern country and partner ) ; achieve recognition of global education by policy - maker in the member state of the council of europe .
objective : offer guideline and train course for practitioner to understand and practice global education .
- joint management agreement between the ec and the nsc
objective : elaborate on the prospect of develop a european framework for global / development education , facilitate and provide the space for dialogue and networking between international and european actor , in particular in the new eu member state , and to share experience and identify common priority .
promotion of global education practices
objective : promote and encourage global education practice through share learning of global education fundamental ; support the successful implementation of global education programme activity , in close collaboration with partner and stakeholder in council of europe member state and beyond ( southern country and partner ) ; achieve recognition of global education by policy - maker in the member state of the council of europe .
objective : offer guideline and train course for practitioner to understand and practice global education .
for more information , see here .
organise annually since 1994 by the north - south centre of the council of europe , the lisbon forum be a distinctive platform bring together high - level participant from europe , neighbouring region and other continent to share experience , good practice and expertise .
themes of the forum have be closely relate to the core mission of the council of europe : to promote democracy , human_rights and the rule of law .
in light of the event of the ' arab spring ' and of the change in the country of the region , recent edition of the forum have seek to address key challenge face by arab society and explore possibility for renew cooperation with europe .
the lisbon forum 2014 , build on the conclusion of the previous edition , be devoted to ' electoral process and democratic consolidation in the country of the southern mediterranean ' .
-pron- offer to the participant an opportunity to exchange on the main issue relate to the electoral process as well as on the importance of democratic awareness of all actor involve .
for more information about the lisbon forum edition .
the north - south prize have be award every year since 1995 to two candidate who have stand out for -pron- exceptional commitment to promote north - south solidarity .
the candidate , preferably a man and a woman , must have distinguish -pron- in the follow area : protection of human_rights , defense of pluralist_democracy , public awareness raise on issue of global interdependence and solidarity , and strengthen the north - south partnership .
global / development education aim at raise awareness and at strengthen citizens’ capacity to take action , advocate for -pron- right and take part in the political debate at local , national and international level for social justice and sustainable development .
share this vision , the north – south centre of the council of europe and the european commission have agree to combine -pron- effort – as key player european in this field – to promote global / development education and youth action in europe and beyond .
category : wikiproject motorcycle racing article
la taberna del buda
la taberna del buda ( the buddha 's tavern ) be the spanish band café quijano 's 3rd album .
belt or de belt be a hamlet in the dutch province of north holland .
-pron- be locate on the former island of wieringen .
belt be locate just to the west of the village of hippolytushoef .
-pron- be name after the small hill ( " bult " ) that -pron- lie on .
-pron- be not name on recent topographical_maps , where -pron- be consider to be a part of hippolytushoef .
holmberg ix be a dwarf irregular galaxy and a satellite galaxy of m81 .
the galaxy be name after erik holmberg who first describe -pron- .
base on the observed age distribution of star -pron- contain -pron- be think to have form within the last 200 myr make -pron- the young nearby galaxy .
-pron- be also home to one of two newly discover yellow supergiant eclipsing_binary system .
the curtiss xbt2c be an experimental single - engin dive / torpedo_bomber develop during world_war_ii_n.
-pron- be base on the curtiss xbtc single - seat dive / torpedo_bomber , but use the less powerful wright r-3350 radial engine , and could carry a second crew member in the rear fuselage .
-pron- be fit with radar , which be carry in a pod under the starboard_wing .
nine of ten project aircraft be build .
-pron- be curtiss ' last type for the u.s. navy .
all be scrap in the late 1940 .
jimmy fagg ( bear 1929 in gravesend , kent ) be an english stand - up comedian , musician and actor .
-pron- be most notable for -pron- role in the comic_strip presents .. and separate role in other british comedy film .
-pron- have a long spell as a musician in the royal marines between 1940 and 1960 .
during this time , -pron- be report to have be accuse of mutiny on two separate occasion .
on both occasion , however , -pron- be excuse from any punishment ; -pron- be believe due to -pron- charm and wit as a comedian .
during -pron- time as a marine fagg forge a career as a stand - up comedy actor , perform in the traditional pub circuit of musician .
-pron- perform in a number of pub in the east end of london throughout this time .
-pron- become most popular as a weekend performer at the imperial crown pub , perform every friday , saturday and sunday night .
-pron- talent as a pianist be often at the core of -pron- performance .
both -pron- talent as a musician and as a comedian be hone during -pron- time in the band of the royal marines .
while perform in the early 1980s , -pron- talent as a comic be spot by the then newly_formed comic_strip .
-pron- appear on a number of the feature produce by -pron- include ; the bullshitters : south atlantic raiders : part 2 argie bargie ! , glc :
the carnage continues , oxford , spaghetti hoops , les dogs , the crying_game , detectives on the edge of a nervous_breakdown , space virgins from planet sex , queen of the wild frontier .
as well as the film produce as part of the comic_strip presents ...
series , -pron- also appear in a number of feature film ; walter ( 1982 ) , eat the rich ( 1987 ) and the imitators ( 1996 ) .
walter – " hospital patient " – ( 1984 )
the bullshitter : roll out the gunbarrel – " -pron- " – ( 1984 )
eat the rich – " jimmy " – ( 1987 )
south atlantic raiders :
part 2 argie bargie !
" soldier " – ( 1990 )
:
the carnage continue –
" soldier/2nd workman " – ( 1990 )
oxford – " don " – ( 1990 )
spaghetti hoops – " newsvendor " – ( 1990 )
les dogs – " groom 's uncle " – ( 1990 )
the crying_game – " lift man " – ( 1992 )
detective on the edge of a nervous_breakdown – " east end drinker / landlord " – 1993 )
space virgins from planet sex – " nappy lorry_driver " – ( 1993 )
queen of the wild frontier – " ken " – ( 1993 )
the imitators – " truck_driver " – ( 1996 )
–
if money be the food of love , play on –
" pub pianist / comedian " – ( 1984 )
file : ice !
1978 by arnold federbush art by lou feck .
this be a scan of the cover for arnold federbush 's 1978 novel ice ! , for use in the article on -pron- and -pron- book .
the cover art be paint by lou feck .
:
this be a low - re scan intend for information and illustration only .
no other non - copyright image of this book cover exist .
the book be currently out of print .
publisher be bantam_books , date be 1978 , paperback mass market .
isbn can be find in the main article on arnold federbush
similar to a world_war_ii_nreenactment , korean_war reenactment can be divide into two category , " live history " or a public - orient display ( generally part of a large venue ) or as a " tactical event " , a closed event where participant re - create a battle or event of the war .
in this type of event , participant set up a display attempt to show the public a small part of what soldier , marine , sailor or airman experience during the war .
such display normally focus on the " material culture " of the military during the war , with tent , vehicle , weapon , and other everyday item on display in as close to -pron- original context as possible .
participant in uniform be generally available to answer question or perform period activity for public observation .
in this form of korean_war re - enactment , participant attempt to " walk in the shoe " of a korean_war soldier , and simulate the experience as completely as possible with all -pron- discomfort , but without physical danger .
while other re - enactor may be portray chinese or north korean soldier , korean_war event lack the competitive " win or lose " wargam aspect of more mainstream world_war_ii_nre - enactment , and tend to be much more scripted .
participant be generally require to create a persona and remain " in character " throughout the event .
the first such event document be hold in north vernon , indiana , by member of the 20th century tactical studies group portray canadian and north korean troop on march 15 , 1997 .
the azores senior open be a man 's senior ( over 50 ) professional golf tournament on the european seniors tour , hold at the batalha golf_course in ponta_delgada on são_miguel island in the azores .
-pron- be hold just once , in march 2008 , and be win by stewart ginn who finish two shot ahead of nick job .
the total prize fund be € 325,000 with the winner receive € 48,750 .
lake habeeb be a reservoir of and be locate in allegany_county , maryland , united_states .
the lake be feed by rocky_gap run , and nestle against the east side of the southern tip of evitts mountain .
the dam be build by the army_corps of engineers in 1970 and rocky_gap state park formally open on july 17 , 1974 < http://www.dnr.state.md.us/publiclands/western/rockygap.asp > , -pron- attain a maximum depth of near -pron- earthen_dam .
-pron- offer three public beach area along habeeb 's shoreline , as well as an arguably superb fishery .
the lake be name after edward habeeb , a local florist who help initiate the development of the area .
ivica todorov , know in france as yves todorov ( bear july 4 , 1950 ) be a serbian - french football coach who be currently manager of arab contractor .
-pron- previously coach the congo national side , a job which -pron- take up in april 2008 .
-pron- have previously manage some french team , the burkino_faso national side , as well as club side include maghreb fez and wydad_casablanca of morocco and fc 105 libreville of gabon .
category : wikiproject motorcycle racing member
member of the .
to add -pron- to the category just add to -pron- user page .
alternatively , if -pron- do not like the userbox , -pron- can add to -pron- userpage .
jean - baptiste - françois bompart ( lorient , 1757 -- bagnols , 1842 ) be a french privateer , navy officer and admiral .
-pron- be relate to the note admiral maxime de bompart .
-pron- take part in the american war of independence as a young officer .
-pron- later captain the " embuscade " .
-pron- encounter and fight hms " boston " off new_jersey at the action of 31 july 1793 .
promote to admiral , -pron- command the expédition d'irlande and be later defeat at the battle of tory island .
-pron- retire in 1801 over political dispute .
file : ra2 early ally base.jpg
the habitat of deep - water coral , also know as cold - water coral , extend to deep , dark part of the ocean than tropical coral , range from near the surface to the abyss , beyond where water temperature may be as cold as .
deep - water coral belong to the phylum cnidaria and be most often stony_corals , but also include black and horny coral and soft coral include the gorgonians ( sea fan ) .
like tropical coral , -pron- provide habitat to other specie , but deep - water coral do not require zooxanthellae to survive .
while there be nearly as many specie of deep - water coral as shallow - water specie , only a few deep - water specie develop traditional reef .
instead , -pron- form aggregation call patch , bank , bioherm , massifs , thicket or grove .
these aggregation be often refer to as " reef , " but differ structurally and functionally .
deep sea reef be sometimes refer to as " mound , " which more accurately describe the large calcium_carbonate skeleton that be leave behind as a reef grow and coral below die off , rather than the live habitat and refuge that deep sea coral provide for fish and invertebrate .
mound may or may not contain live deep sea reef .
submarine communication cable and fishing method such as bottom_trawling tend to break coral apart and destroy reef .
the deep - water habitat be designate as a united_kingdom biodiversity_action plan habitat .
deep - water coral be enigmatic because -pron- construct -pron- reef in deep , dark , cool water at high latitude , such as norway 's continental_shelf .
-pron- be first discover by fisherman about 250 year ago , which garner interest from scientist .
early scientist be unsure how the reef sustain life in the seemingly barren and dark condition of the northerly_latitudes .
-pron- be not until modern time , when manned mini - submarine first reach sufficient depth , that scientist begin to understand these organism .
pioneering work by wilson ( 1979 ) shed light on a colony on the porcupine bank , off ireland .
the first ever live video of a large deep - water coral_reef be obtain in july , 1982 , when statoil survey a tall and wide reef perch at water depth near fugløy island , north of the polar circle , off northern norway .
during -pron- survey of the fugløy reef , hovland and mortensen also find seab pockmark crater near the reef .
since then , hundred of large deep - water coral_reefs have be map and study .
about 60 percent of the reef occur next to or inside seabed pockmark .
because these crater be form by the expulsion of liquid and gas ( include methane ) , several scientist hypothesize that there may be a link between the existence of the deep - water coral_reefs and nutrient seepage ( light hydrocarbon , such as methane , ethane , and propane ) through the seafloor .
this hypothesis be call the ' hydraulic theory ' for deep - water coral_reefs .
lophelia community support diverse marine life , such as sponge , polychaete_worms , mollusk , crustacean , brittle star , starfish , sea_urchins , bryozoan , sea spider , fish and many other vertebrate and invertebrate_species .
the first international symposium for deep - water coral take place in halifax , canada in 2000 .
the symposium consider all aspect of deep - water coral , include protection method .
in june 2009 , living_oceans society lead the finding coral expedition on canada ’s pacific coast in search of deep sea coral .
use one person submarine , a team of international scientist make 30 dive to depth of over and see giant coral forest , dart school of fish , and a seafloor carpet in brittle star .
during expedition , scientist identify 16 specie of coral .
this research trip be the culmination of five year of work to secure protection from the canadian government for these slow - grow and long - live animal , which provide critical habitat for fish and other marine creature .
coral be animal in the phylum cnidaria and the class anthozoa .
anthozoa be break down into two subclass octocoral ( alcyonaria ) and hexacorals ( zoantharia ) .
octocoral be soft coral such as sea pen .
hexacoral include sea_anemones and hard bodied coral .
octocoral contain eight body extension while hexacoral have six .
most deep - water coral be stony_corals .
deep - water coral be widely distribute within the earth ’s ocean , with large reef / bed in the far north and far south atlantic , as well as in the tropic in place such as the florida coast .
in the north atlantic , the principal coral_species that contribute to reef formation be " lophelia pertusa " , " oculina varicosa " , " madrepora oculata " , " desmophyllum cristagalli " , " enallopsammia rostrata " , " solenosmilia variabilis " , and " goniocorella dumosa " .
four genera ( " lophelia " , " desmophyllum " , " solenosmilia " , and " goniocorella " ) constitute most deep - water coral bank at depth of .
" madrepora oculata " occur as deep as and be one of a dozen specie that occur globally and in all ocean , include the subantarctic ( cairns , 1982 ) .
colony of " enallopsammia " contribute to the framework of deep - water coral bank find at depth of in the straits of florida ( cairns and stanley , 1982 ) .
one of the most common specie , " lophelia pertusa " , live in the northeast and northwest atlantic_ocean , brazil and off africa ’s west_coast .
in addition to ocean bottom , scientist find " lophelia " coloni on north sea oil installation , although oil and gas production may introduce noxious_substances into the local environment .
the world 's large know deep - water " lophelia " coral complex be the røst reef .
-pron- lie between deep , west of røst island in the lofoten archipelago , in norway , inside the arctic_circle .
discover during a routine survey in may 2002 , the reef be still largely intact .
-pron- be approximately long by wide .
some further south be the sula reef , locate on the sula ridge , west of trondheim on the mid - norwegian shelf , at .
-pron- be long , wide , and up to high , an area one - tenth the size of the røst reef .
discover and map in 2002 , norway 's tisler reef lie in the skagerrak on the submarine border between norway and sweden at a depth of and cover an area of .
-pron- be estimate to be 8600–8700 year old .
the tisler reef contain the world ’s only know yellow " l. pertusa " .
elsewhere in the northeastern atlantic , " lophelia " be find around the faroe_islands , an island group between the norwegian sea and the northeast atlantic_ocean .
at depth from , " l. pertusa " be chiefly on the rockall bank and on the shelf break north and west of scotland .
the porcupine seabight , the southern end of the rockall bank , and the shelf to the northwest of donegal all exhibit large , mound - like " lophelia " structure .
one of -pron- , the therese mound , be particularly note for -pron- " lophelia pertusa " and " madrepora oculata " colony . "
lophelia " reef be also find along the u.s. east_coast at depth of along the base of the florida - hatteras slope .
south of cape_lookout , nc , rise from the flat sea bed of the blake plateau , be a band of ridge cap with thicket of " lophelia " .
these be the northernmost east_coast " lophelia pertusa " growth .
the coral mound and ridge here rise as much as from the plateau plain .
these " lophelia " community lie in unprotected area of potential oil and gas exploration and cable - lay operation , render -pron- vulnerable to future threat .
" lophelia " exist around the bay of biscay , the canary_islands , portugal , madeira , the azores , and the western basin of the mediterranean_sea .
among the most researched deep - water coral area in the united_kingdom be the darwin_mounds .
atlantic frontier environmental network ( afen ) discover -pron- in 1998 while conduct large - scale regional sea floor survey north of scotland .
-pron- discover two area of hundred of sand and deep - water coral mound at depth of about in the northeast corner of the rockall trough , approximately northwest of the northwest tip of scotland .
name after the research vessel charles_darwin , the darwin_mounds have be extensively map use low - frequency side - scan_sonar .
-pron- cover an area of approximately and consist of two main field — the darwin_mounds east , with about 75 mound , and the darwin_mounds west , with about 150 mound .
other mound be scatter in adjacent area .
each mound be about in diameter and high . "
lophelia " coral and coral rubble cover the mound top , attract other marine life .
the mound look like ' sand volcano ' , each with a ' tail ' , up to several hundred meter long , all orient downstream .
large congregation of xenophyophores ( " syringammina fragilissima " ) which be giant unicellular_organisms that can grow up to in diameter characterize the tail and mound .
scientist be uncertain why these organism congregate here .
the darwin_mounds " lophelia " grow on sand rather than hard substrate , unique to this area .
" lophelia " coral exist in irish water as well .
" oculina varicosa " be a branch ivory coral that form giant but slow - grow , bushy thicket on pinnacle up to in height .
the " oculina " bank , so name because -pron- consist mostly of " oculina varicosa " , exist in of water along the continental_shelf edge about 42 - 80 km ( 26 - 50 mile ) off of florida 's central east_coast .
the " oculina " bank stretch along 170 kilometer ( 106 mile ) reach from fort_pierce to daytona .
discover in 1975 by scientist from the harbor_branch_oceanographic_ninstitution conduct survey of the continental_shelf , " oculina " thicket grow on a series of pinnacle and ridge extend from fort_pierce to daytona , florida
like the " lophelia " thicket , the " oculina " bank host a wide_array of macroinvertebrate and fish .
-pron- be significant spawning_grounds for commercially important food specie include gag , scamp , red_grouper , speckled_hind , black sea bass , red porgy , rock shrimp , and calico scallop .
most coral must attach to a hard surface in order to begin grow but sea fan can also live on soft sediment .
-pron- be often find grow along bathymetric high such as seamount , ridge , pinnacle and mound , on hard surface .
coral be sedentary , so -pron- must live near nutrient - rich water current .
deep - water coral feed on zooplankton and rely on ocean_currents to bring food .
the current also aid in clean the coral .
deep - water coral grow more slowly than tropical coral because there be no zooxanthellae to feed -pron- . "
lophelia " have a linear polyp extension of about per year .
by contrast , branch shallow - water coral , such as " acropora " , may exceed 10–20  cm / yr .
reef structure growth estimate be about per year .
scientist have also find " lophelia " coloni on oil installation in the north sea .
use coral age - date method , scientist have estimate that some live deep - water coral date back at least 10,000 year .
deep - water coral use nematocyst on -pron- tentacle to stun prey .
deep - water coral feed on zooplankton , crustacean and even krill .
coral can reproduce sexually or asexually .
in asexual_reproduction ( bud ) a polyp divide in two genetically_identical piece .
sexual reproduction require that a sperm fertilize an egg which grow into a larva .
current then disperse the larvae .
growth begin when the larvae attach to a solid substrate .
old / dead coral provide an excellent substrate for this growth , create ever high mound of coral .
as new growth surround the original , the new coral intercept both water flow and accompanying nutrient , weaken and eventually kill the old organism .
individual " lophelia pertusa " colony be entirely either female or male .
deep - water coral_colonies range in size from small and solitary to large , branch tree - like structure .
large colony support many life form , while nearby area have much less .
the gorgonian , " paragorgia arborea " , may grow beyond three meter .
however , little be know of -pron- basic biology , include how -pron- feed or -pron- method and timing of reproduction .
deep sea coral together with other habitat - form organism host a rich fauna of associated organism . "
lophelia " reef can host up to 1,300 specie of fish and invertebrate .
various fish aggregate on deep sea reef .
deep sea coral , sponge and other habitat - form animal provide protection from current and predator , nursery for young fish , and feeding , breeding and spawn area for numerous fish and shellfish specie .
rockfish , atka_mackerel , walleye_pollock , pacific cod , pacific halibut , sablefish , flatfish , crab , and other economically important specie in the north pacific inhabit these area .
eighty - three percent of the rockfish find in one study be associate with red tree coral .
flatfish , walleye_pollock and pacific cod appear to be more commonly catch around soft coral .
dense school of female redfish heavy with young have be observe on lophelia reef off norway , suggest the reef be breed or nursery area for some specie .
oculina reef be important spawning_habitat for several grouper specie , as well as other fish .
the primary human impact on deep - water coral be from deep - water trawling .
trawler drag net across the ocean floor , disturb sediment , break and destroy deep - water coral .
another harmful method be long line fishing .
oil and gas exploration also damage deep - water coral .
a study conduct in 2015 find that injury observe in population in the mississippi canyon in the gulf of mexico increase from 4 to 9 percent before the deepwater_horizon oil_spill to 38 to 50 percent after the spill ( etnoyer et_al . , 2015 ) .
deep - water coral grow slowly , so recovery take much long than in shallow_waters where nutrient and food - provide zooxanthellae be far more abundant .
in a study during 2001 to 2003 , a study of a reef of " lophelia pertusa " in the atlantic off canada find that the coral be often break in unnatural way .
and the ocean floor display scar and overturn boulder from trawl .
in addition to these manage pressure , deep water coral_reefs be also vulnerable to unmanaged pressure ( e.g. ocean_acidification ) and in order to protect these habitat in the long - term method which assess the relative risk of different pressure be be promote .
bottom_trawling and natural cause like bioerosion and episodic die - off have reduce much of florida 's oculina banks to rubble , drastically reduce a once - substantial fishery by destroy spawning_grounds .
in 1980 , harbor_branch_oceanographic_ninstitution scientist call for protective measure .
in 1984 , the south atlantic_fishery_management_ncouncil ( safmc ) designate a area as a habitat area of particular_concern .
in 1994 , an area call the experimental oculina research reserve be completely closed to bottom fishing .
in 1996 , the safmc prohibit fishing vessel from drop anchor , grapple , or attach chain there .
in 1998 , the council also designate the reserve as an essential fish habitat .
in 2000 , the deep - water oculina marine_protected area be extend to .
scientist recently deploy concrete reef ball in an attempt to provide habitat for fish and coral .
scientist estimate that trawling have damage or destroy 30 to 50 percent of the norwegian shelf coral area .
the international council for the exploration of the sea , the european commission ’s main scientific advisor on fishery and environmental issue in the northeast atlantic , recommend mapping and close europe ’s deep coral to fishing_trawlers .
in 1999 , the norwegian ministry of fisheries close an area of at sula , include the large reef , to bottom_trawling .
in 2000 , an additional area close , cover about .
an area of about enclose the røst reef , close in 2002 .
the european commission introduce an interim trawl ban in the darwin_mounds area , in august 2003 .
a permanent ban be expect to follow .
-pron- be know as the voice of the protagonist in 3 fujiko fujio work , obake no q - tarō , ninja_hattori - kun , and chimpui .
as a dub artist -pron- be know for the role of jerry ( 1969 - 1970 ) from tom and jerry and bart_simpson from the simpsons .
belt - schutsloot be a small village in the dutch province of overijssel .
-pron- be locate in the municipality of steenwijkerland , about 3  km north of zwartsluis .
the village originally consist of two part , belt ( also call " zandbelt " ) and schutsloot , and be also call " schutsloot en zandbelt " .
belt - schutsloot have a population of about 590 .
file : towson mp church 1920s.jpg
maoist_communist party ( italy )
maoist_communist party ( in italian : " partito comunista maoista , pcm " ) be a small maoist communist party in italy .
-pron- publish the newspaper " proletari comunisti " and a magazine call " la_nuova bandiera " .
-pron- be part of the revolutionary internationalist movement .
giannina russ ( 27 march 1873 , lodi – 28 february 1951 , milan ) be an italian operatic_soprano , particularly associate with the italian repertory .
russ study piano and voice at the milan music conservatory with leoni .
-pron- make -pron- debut in bologna , as mimi , in 1903 , at la_scala in 1905 , as aida , and in florence in 1908 , as norma .
-pron- be quickly invite abroad , make debut in 1904 at both the royal_opera house in london , and the monte_carlo opera , also appear at the teatro_colón in buenos_aires , and the manhattan opera company in new_york , in 1907 .
russ perform in a wide_range of role , from bel_canto to verismo , -pron- repertory include ; semiramide , giulia , amaltea , paolina , abigail , elvira , leonora , amelia , wally , gioconda , santuzza , etc .
-pron- possess a beautiful and grand voice , if somewhat uneven , and a strong dramatic temperament , -pron- enjoy more success in latin country than in anglo - saxon country .
after retirement -pron- become a respected voice teacher , amongst -pron- pupil be margherita grandi and clara petrella .
" le guide de l'opéra , les indispemsable de_la_musique_n" , r. mancini & j - j. rouvereux , ( fayard , 1986 ) ,
the chief shabbona trail be a hiking , bicycle and canoe trail , locate between joliet and morris , illinois .
the shabbona trail be a part of the long national park service illinois and michigan canal national heritage_corridor .
hiking , bicycle and canoeing be free .
the trail be open year - round .
the shabbona trail offer access point allow a variety of trail length , but the length to earn the official chief shabbona patch be the from channahon to gebhard woods :
the shabbona trail be compacted_gravel and remarkably well protect from traffic and the element .
there be only one point where a rural two - lane road be cross .
the remainder of the trail be a national park service trail , maintain by the state of illinois .
tree line most of the trail .
much of the trail be near the illinois river .
-pron- can :
camping be available at :
chief shabbona 's grave be in the center of evergreen_cemetery in morris , illinois .
-pron- be mark by a large granite_boulder .
a brass marker at the base include this information :
there be another marker south , show where other family member be bury .
the chief shabbona historical trail be establish on july 30 , 1960 by troop 25 .
the trail be nationally approve by the boy_scouts of america and follow the path that shabbona be know to have walk .
by 1963 , over 10,000 scout hike the trail .
2010 mark the 50th anniversary of the trail .
along the way , -pron- will see full - size replicas of canal boat , locktender 's house , work stone lock and fully restore stone aqueduct .
these site date back to when the illinois and michigan canal be build in the mid-19th century .
the habitat range from open prairie_grasslands to dense_woods .
the nearby illinois river provide panoramic_views in many area .
the trail be shade in most area by a variety of tree include walnut , oak , ash , maple , sycamore , hawthorn and cottonwood .
springtime wildflower include trillium , bluebell , white trout_lily , violet , wild ginger , phlox , and toothwort .
songbird , mallard , wood duck , green heron and great_blue_herons_nfeed and nest all along the trail .
-pron- can fish for bass , crappie , bluegill , catfish and bullhead .
beaver , muskrat , mink , raccoon and deer can often be see .
wikipedia : version 1.0 editorial team / ukraine article by quality/5
wikipedia : version 1.0 editorial team / ukraine article by quality/6
karkevand (; also know as garkevand ) be a city in the central district of mobarakeh county , isfahan province , iran .
at the 2006 census , -pron- population be 7,002 , in 1,891 family .
andré daniel savary
( b. salles , 1 february 1743 ; d. mauzé - sur - le - mignon , 22 november 1808 ) be a french naval officer and admiral .
-pron- be orphan at age 4 , savary be raise by -pron- uncle .
at the age of 18 , -pron- sign up for the merchant_marine , and later to the french royal navy .
-pron- fight under suffren in india .
-pron- be promote to lieutenant in 1791 , capitaine de corvette in 1798 , commodore in 1798 and counter - admiral in 1802 .
bladulf ( die c.630 ) , be a monk and priest of bobbio abbey , kill at the order of the lombard king arioald , an arian .
-pron- be a catholic and orthodox saint , feast day january 2 .
gordon alan baym ( bear july 1 , 1935 ) be an american theoretical_physicist .
bear in new_york city , -pron- graduate from the brooklyn technical high_school , and receive -pron- undergraduate_degree from cornell university in 1956 .
-pron- earn -pron- ph.d. from harvard university in 1960 , study under julian schwinger .
-pron- join the physics faculty of the university of illinois at urbana - champaign in 1963 , become a full professor in 1968 .
-pron- area of research range from condense - matter physics to nuclear physics and astrophysic , as well as the history of physics .
in 1962 -pron- and leo kadanoff collaborate on " quantum statistical mechanics : green 's function methods in equilibrium and nonequilibrium problems " .
in 1969 -pron- publish " lectures on quantum_mechanics " , a widely use graduate textbook that , unconventionally , begin with photon polarization .
in 1991 -pron- and chris pethick publish the monograph " landau fermi - liquid theory : concepts and applications " .
baym be award the hans a. bethe prize in 2002 " for -pron- superb synthesis of fundamental concept which have provide an understanding of matter at extreme condition , range from crust and interior of neutron_stars to matter at ultrahigh temperature " .
-pron- also receive the lars onsager prize in 2008 " for fundamental application of statistical physics to quantum fluid , include fermi liquid theory and ground - state property of dilute quantum gas , and for bring a conceptual unity to these area " along with christopher pethick and tin - lun ho .
-pron- have four child , professor of communication nancy_baym and geoffrey baym , mathematician and biologist michael baym , and cognitive_neuroscientist carol baym .
-pron- be marry to nina baym , a professor of english at the uiuc , and lillian hoddeson , a professor of history at uiuc .
aleksandr viktorovich zbruyev ( ) ( bear 31 march 1938 , moscow , soviet_union ) be soviet and russian theatrical and cinema actor .
report statistic of link pizzatorrent.com ; 6 record .
coitoolbot report 6 link .
below a full report on all use of the link pizzatorrent.com .
this list be intend to see how the get use , -pron- do not imply that involved account be have a in add the link , or that the involved account be the link .
james ernest elder wills ( 1900–1970 ) be a british person who have a lengthy career in the film industry .
-pron- mainly work as an art director , but -pron- also work in other role , include director .
film -pron- be involve in include " tiger bay " , " the quatermass_xperiment " , and " the men of sherwood_forest " .
-pron- be a colonel during the second world war who work in i.s.r.b. designing , signing and building camouflage explosive device for agent operate against the germans and japanese .
the story -pron- write for the film " against the wind " be base upon -pron- wartime experience .
:
wikiproject television / desperate_housewives task force
welcome to the desperate_housewives task_force of .
some wikipedians have form this collaboration resource and group dedicate to improve wikipedia 's coverage of the abc television drama " desperate_housewives " and the organization of information and article on this topic .
this page and -pron- subpage contain -pron- suggestion and various resource ; -pron- be hop that this project will help to focus the effort of other wikipedians interested in the topic .
if -pron- would like to help , please join the project , inquire on the and see the to - do list below .
please feel free to add -pron- here , and to indicate any area of particular interest .
please feel free to list -pron- new " desperate_housewives "- relate article here ( new article at the top , please ) .
any new article that have an interesting or unusual fact in -pron- , be at least over 1,000 character , do not have any dispute template on -pron- , " and cite -pron- source " , should be suggest for the box on the wikipedia main page .
chaudhry_nisar_ali_nkhan (; bear 31 july 1954 ) be a pakistani politician who serve as the interior_minister from 2013 to 2017 .
a member of the pakistan muslim league ( nawaz ) , khan have be a member of the national assembly of pakistan since 1985 represent rawalpindi , and be the leader of the opposition in the national assembly from 2008 to 2013 .
bear in chakri vakilan , khan be educate at army burn hall college .
khan have serve in various federal cabinet position since 1988 .
-pron- briefly serve as the science and technology minister in 1988 .
during prime_minister nawaz_sharif 's first and second ministry , -pron- hold the cabinet portfolio of petroleum and natural_resources minister .
during the gillani ministry , -pron- briefly serve as the food , agriculture and livestock minister with the additional portfolio of communications minister .
in june 2013 , during the third sharif ministry , -pron- be appoint as the interior_minister , which -pron- hold until the dissolution of the federal cabinet in july 2017 follow the dismissal of sharif by the supreme_court .
khan be bear on 31 july 1954 to brigadier ( retire )
fateh khan in chakri village , rawalpindi district .
-pron- attend aitchison college and army burn hall college .
-pron- be the younger_brother of general iftikhar_ali khan .
khan begin -pron- political career in the 1980s.<ref name="tribune / profile"></ref >
-pron- become close to nawaz_sharif during the rule of muhammad zia - ul - haq.<ref name="dawn / june2013"></ref >
-pron- be first elect to the national assembly in the 1985 general election from constituency na-52 ( rawalpindi - iii ) .
-pron- be re - elect to the national assembly from the same constituency in the 1988 general election on the islami jamhoori ittehad ticket .
-pron- be then appoint as the federal minister for science and technology .
after get re - elect for the third time to the national assembly in the 1990 general election on the islami jamhoori ittehad ticket from constituency na-52 ( rawalpindi - iii ) , khan be make the federal minister for petroleum and natural_resources and provincial coordinator , where -pron- serve from 1990 to 1993 during the first government of sharif .
-pron- be re - elect to the national assembly for the fourth time in the 1993 general election from constituency na-52 ( rawalpindi - iii ) .
-pron- be re - elect to the national assembly for the fifth time in the 1997 general election from constituency na-52 ( rawalpindi - iii ) and be for the second time appoint as the federal minister for petroleum and natural_resources , where -pron- serve until -pron- be dismiss in october 1999 after the coup d'état when then chief of army staff , pervez_musharraf , overthrow the elect government of sharif .
khan be place under house arrest for many week .
khan be among sharif 's loyalist who keep the pml - n alive during the musharraf rule.<ref name="dawn
/ march2013"></ref >
musharraf be reportedly appoint as the chief of army staff on the recommendation of khan .
khan be re - elect to the national assembly for the sixth time in the 2002 general election from constituency na-52 ( rawalpindi - iii ) .
however , -pron- lose the election in constituency na-53 ( rawalpindi - iv ) .
-pron- be re - elect as a member of the national assembly in the 2008 general election for the seventh time , both from constituency na-52 ( rawalpindi - iii ) and from constituency na-53 ( rawalpindi - iv ) .
later , khan vacate the na-52 seat and retain na-53 .
khan be appoint as the federal minister for food , agriculture and livestock and federal minister for communications in march 2008 in the government of yousaf_raza_gillani_n, but -pron- tenure be short - live due to pml - n 's decision to leave the pakistan peoples_party - lead coalition government.<ref name="ministry / communications"></ref><ref name="dawn/14may2008"></ref >
in september 2008 , -pron- be appoint as the leader of the opposition in the national assembly after the resignation of chaudhry_pervaiz_elahi_n.
in october 2011 , -pron- become the first - ever chairperson of the public_accounts committee of the national assembly , which be create to audit the account of the government , but -pron- resign in november 2011 claim that accountability be not possible under the pakistan peoples_party regime lead by president_asif_ali_nzardari and prime_minister gilani .
for the 2013 general election , khan be make part of pml - n ’s central parliamentary board task with select candidate for the election .
khan be re - elect to the national assembly from constituency na-52 ( rawalpindi - iii ) for the eighth time in the election < ref name="dawn
/ may2013"></ref > and be appoint as the federal minister for interior and narcotics_control in the sharif cabinet ,
< ref name="dawn/2013"></ref > as -pron- have a close relationship with the pakistan armed_forces .
in 2013 , " dawn " report that , although khan have no post in pml - n , -pron- be know for -pron- assertiveness in the party ’s affair and have have difference with other pml - n leader .
reportedly , before the 2013 election , khan lobby to become the chief minister of punjab , pakistan , and propose that shehbaz_sharif be make minister for water and power , but nawaz_sharif do not give the party ticket to khan for the provincial seat .
in spite of that , khan contest the election for provincial assembly seat as an independent candidate and win . "
dawn " report that khan be once consider the de_facto chief minister of punjab.<ref name="dawn/25dec2007"></ref >
in march 2015 , " the news international " commend the 21-month progress of khan as interior_minister .
however , khan be hold responsible for fail to implement and enforce the proposal and plan of the national action_plan .
khan be also criticise for delay the inauguration of the safe city project in islamabad , under which 1,800 surveillance_cameras be instal across the city .
during -pron- tenure as interior_minister , -pron- issue the approval to launch biometric passport in pakistan .
-pron- cease to hold ministerial office on 28 july 2017 when the federal cabinet be disband follow the resignation of sharif after the panama papers case decision .
a day earlier , khan have announce that -pron- be consider step down as interior_minister and resign from membership in the national assembly because of -pron- difference with the party leader .
after the resignation of sharif , khan hold a farewell meeting with -pron- interior_ministry staff and make -pron- clear that -pron- would not become part of the next federal cabinet of the incoming prime_minister shahid_khaqan_abbasi_n, who be junior to -pron- .
on 4 august 2017 , abbasi announce -pron- cabinet without khan be a member .
however , reportedly khan do not renounce -pron- seat in the national assembly .
khan be accuse for give safe passage to pervez_musharraf for go out of pakistan despite a treason case against -pron- .
despite be perceive as anti - american , a contradictory version of khan 's political view surface in a us diplomatic cable which be leak by wikileaks in 2011 .
the cable , which be send by the former united_states ambassador to pakistan , anne w. patterson , in september 2008 read : " as always , nisar insist that -pron- and the pml - n be pro - american ( say that -pron- wife and child in fact be americans ) . "
khan clarify that -pron- be not against the american nation , but be oppose to the us policy towards muslims after the 9/11 attack .
:
wikiproject television / er task force
welcome to the er task_force of .
some wikipedians have form this collaboration resource and group dedicate to improve wikipedia 's coverage of " er " and the organization of information and article on this topic .
this page and -pron- subpage contain -pron- suggestion and various resource ; -pron- be hop that this project will help to focus the effort of other wikipedians interested in the topic .
if -pron- would like to help , please join the project , inquire on the and see the to - do list below .
please feel free to add -pron- here , and to indicate any area of particular interest .
please feel free to list -pron- new " er "- relate article here ( new article at the top , please ) .
any new article that have an interesting or unusual fact in -pron- , be at least over 1,000 character , do not have any dispute template on -pron- , " and cite -pron- source " , should be suggest for the box on the wikipedia main page .
place this code on all talk page of er article in order to produce the box that follow -pron- in the talk page :
-pron- can learn how to use -pron- properly .
add { { tl|ernavigation } } at the bottom of all er article to aid user to find related article easily .
-pron- can add this userbox to -pron- userpage to show -pron- be a member by use the code below .
arthur joseph hungerford pollen ( 13 september 1866 – 28 january 1937 ) be a writer on naval affair in the early 1900s who recognise the need for a computer - base fire - control system .
the system take twelve year to develop but include the world 's first electrically_powered mechanical analogue computer ( call at the time the argo clock ) .
pollen be bear on 13 september 1866 , the sixth son and eighth child of eight son and two daughter bear to john hungerford pollen and maria margaret pollen .
-pron- father be a lead convert to catholicism along with cardinal_newman , arthur be educate at the school which the latter found in birmingham , the oratory school ( 1878–1884 ) .
-pron- then go up to read modern history at trinity college , oxford where -pron- gain a second - class degree in 1888 .
in 1893 -pron- be call to the bar at lincoln 's inn .
-pron- then take an interest in parliamentary politic , stand as radical candidate for the walthamstow division of essex in the general election of 1895 which -pron- lose ; -pron- 4,523 vote to the 6,876 of -pron- opponent , edmund widdrington byrne , mp , qc .
after this setback -pron- continue to speak at liberal_party event , but decline to stand in the by - election bring about by byrne 's resignation in 1897 .
on 7 september 1898 -pron- marry maud beatrice , the only daughter of the leading conservative politician joseph lawrence , ( later sir joseph lawrence , bart . ) who be also chairman of linotype & machinery co. ltd.
with maud -pron- have one daughter , who die aged four , and two son .
in 1898 pollen be make the manage - director of linotype , which -pron- run successfully for the next decade .
through a relative , commander william goodenough , pollen see a naval_gunnery practice near malta in 1900 , and the accuracy be so poor that even at range of less than a mile the big gun could not reliably hit -pron- target .
on the board of the linotype company at the time be lord kelvin , widely_regarded as britain 's lead scientist .
-pron- be kelvin who propose use an analogue computer to solve the equation which arise from the relative motion of the ship engage in the battle and the time delay in the flight of the shell to calculate the require trajectory and therefore the direction and elevation of the gun .
kelvin 's brother james thomson be responsible for produce a tidal analyser use a ball , disc and cylinder differential analyzer which be the original source of the suggested analogue computer .
however first accurate datum be need of the target 's position and relative motion .
pollen develop a plot unit ( or plotter ) to capture this datum .
-pron- add a gyroscope to allow for the yaw of the firing ship .
again this require substantial development of the , at the time , primitive gyroscope to provide continuous reliable correction .
pollen utilise the resource of linotype for -pron- work , specifically the service of a designer name harold isherwood .
trial be carry out in 1905 and 1906 , which although completely unsuccessful show promise .
to further the development of fire - control pollen set up in 1909 the argo company , and in 1911 take a holding in the firm of thomas cooke & sons of york , who have be manufacture component for -pron- equipment .
early on pollen be encourage in -pron- effort by the rapidly rise figure of admiral jackie fisher , admiral arthur knyvet wilson and the director of naval_ordnance and torpedoes ( dno ) , john jellicoe .
many officer in the navy be naturally interested in the prospect of be able to have range calculate for -pron- so that -pron- could achieve a great rate of hit against the enemy .
in early 1906 , while present -pron- plan " aim correction " system to naval officer , -pron- meet for the second time a promising gunnery lieutenant , frederic dreyer .
the nature of pollen 's work involve close cooperation with the navy , and upon dreyer 's appointment as assistant to the dno with responsibility for fire - control -pron- be invite to view pollen 's linotype work at broadheath , near altrincham .
pollen have have a long relationship with dreyer 's predecessor , lieutenant harding .
pollen continue -pron- work , with test carry out on royal navy warship intermittently .
equipment be repeatedly purchase , despite the misgiving of successive dno reginald bacon and gordon moore .
dreyer begin produce -pron- own fire - control computer .
the fundamental difference between the system be that the dreyer system be a " dual rate " approach that plot range and bearing separately , versus time rather than use a single rangefinder to take both range and bearing to drive the drawing of a plan view of own and target ship , as in the argo system .
the system differ in other particular .
the single prototype dreyer fire control table ( call simply " the original " ) do not include a gyroscope , though the first adopt for service in 1912—the mark iii
— do .
conversely , the automatic plotting of rangefinder reading on the original dreyer table and early service example be later discard in favour of manual plot keyboard which be capable of plot the datum of multiple rangefinder .
dreyer play a key role within the admiralty in decide which system to use , and always choose -pron- own .
certain aspect of the dreyer table mk_iii be find by a subsequent royal commission to be similar to pollen 's work and £ 30,000 compensation be pay to pollen in 1926 base on a theoretical number of -pron- argo unit which may have be fit in royal navy ship , most of which be never construct .
pollen 's supporter have argue that the poor performance of naval gunnery at the battle of jutland and at gallipoli be due to the shortcoming of the dreyer system , but other cite the tactic of the commander of the british battlecruiser , vice - admiral david beatty .
at the outbreak of world war
i pollen 's relationship with the admiralty have break down to the extent that -pron- have be remove from the list of recognise naval contractor .
the war also interrupt negotiation which have begin with foreign navy aim at sell the argo system to -pron- .
some unit have be purchase by russia before the outbreak of war and some more be sell , but no other country purchase unit .
pollen be thus under - employ .
-pron- write to a friend , alfred spender , editor of the westminster gazette , ask whether -pron- would be interested in article about the naval war .
spender agree .
in april 1915 -pron- accept a post as a feature writer for land and water , make this a full - time employment rather just supply one weekly article .
-pron- task be make easy by ongoing good relation with various naval officer -pron- have meet as part of -pron- work on the argo ac system .
-pron- remain in contact with james masterton - smith , private secretary to the first lord of the admiralty , and with william reginald hall , who have be impress by test conduct on -pron- ship , hms natal , and be appoint director of naval intelligence shortly after the start of the war .
hall comment on the usefulness to -pron- of a responsive journalist , should -pron- need to present a story to the public .
pollen also embark on a career as a lecturer , speak at public meeting about naval affair .
after news of the battle of jutland begin to break in britain , base upon german report of victory , pollen attempt to redress the shortcoming of official report issue by the admiralty , which as a terse statement of fact know to -pron- , invite the bad possible interpretation of event .
write for the ' westminster gazette ' -pron- attempt to stress the overarch result of the engagement , that the german fleet have flee in the presence of the british , and to spread this view amongst other journalist .
this response to the news be in contrast to many other lead newspaper , which only belatedly begin to regard the battle as a victory .
pollen be generally supportive of the establishment and admiralty .
however , on occasion -pron- disagree publicly with -pron- handling of the war .
commentator , such as winston_churchill have write article observe that british supremacy at sea be secure by the dominance of the british fleet over the german , even though no battle have be fight .
this be in accord with theory of sea power , such as advocate by alfred thayer_mahan .
pollen argue that the cost in this case of the unresolved conflict be that germany retain significant control of the baltic_sea , and tie up the large part of the british fleet patrol the north sea .
the fleet may otherwise have be use combat submarine attack .
in april 1917 pollen write an article in " land and water " critical of the way the war against submarine attack be be conduct , and against failure in administrative organisation of the admiralty .
this be follow by another article of 3 may argue britain have lose control of the sea in the face of mount loss of merchant shipping to submarine , which draw the attention of the official censor and could not be publish .
reaction to the censorship of a respect columnist inevitably lead to great publicity of the issue than if the article have be publish , and -pron- content become know .
the admiralty have resist introduce a convoy system for merchant_ships for some time , believe -pron- be impractical and that too few naval_vessels be available as escort .
by the end of april the admiralty have agree to start form ship into convoy , although -pron- remain a source of debate to what extent this be a result of public pressure , the direct intervention of the prime_minister , david lloyd george or the natural result of convoy trial already be conduct .
although there be great concern at mount shipping loss and shortage of material and food , -pron- also remain unclear to what extent the situation be sufficiently critical to have affect britain 's ability to conduct the war .
in june 1917 pollen embark on a visit to america to discuss possible sale of argo system .
-pron- be approach by john buchan , director of propaganda in the british foreign office , ask that -pron- could publicise the work of the navy while there and encourage the development of the american navy .
pollen seek to address a perception amongst americans that the british fleet have fail to defeat the german fleet , or resolve the submarine issue , thus leave american ship open to attack .
-pron- be feel that -pron- position as a critic of british policy add to -pron- credibility when defend -pron- .
the success of -pron- visit lead to an offer by the british government of a knighthood and salary , should -pron- return to america and continue a propaganda campaign .
pollen decline , argue that -pron- would be receive entirely differently if act in an official capacity than as an independent commentator .
pollen become extremely critical of the action of the british grand fleet , in particular as command by jellicoe .
ethel beatty , wife of admiral beatty , make a point of become friendly with pollen in may 1917 .
pollen declare to -pron- that -pron- intend to have jellicoe remove from -pron- post as first sea lord within a month , and proceed with a campaign seek to impress -pron- view upon anyone -pron- could get to listen .
pollen later write a book about the battle of jutland which argue that any positive action credit to jellicoe must have be the work of admiral beatty ( " the navy in battle " , 1918 ) .
the book be describe by the author of the official report on jutland as a work which " teem with inaccuracy " , and by jellicoe 's biographer as " full of error " , and " almost unreadable " .
jellicoe write to a friend in 1921 : " -pron- fall to -pron- to turn down -pron- invention on more than one occasion " .
after world war i the argo company have effectively cease trading , and interest in naval journalism decline .
pollen have continue as a part - time director of linotype and now join the board of the birmingham small_arms company limited ( bsa ) .
-pron- become an active member of the council of the federation of british industries and become -pron- vice - president .
-pron- become chairman of the british commonwealth union and espouse the role of the entrepreneur in growth of industry , campaign against the growth of socialism .
in 1926 the post of managing_director of linotype become vacant , and -pron- return to -pron- , hire one of the first management consultant , t. gerald rose , to help reorganise the company .
-pron- be invite to become chairman of bsa , but decline , not have sufficient time to manage two company .
in 1936 -pron- be part of a group of catholics who acquire the catholic magazine , the tablet , and serve as -pron- chairman for a year while -pron- fortune be restore .
bent be a small hamlet in the dutch province of south holland .
-pron- be locate in the municipality of alphen_aan den rijn , about 2  km northwest of the village hazerswoude - dorp .
the hamlet be surround by three nursery .
:
wikiproject television / law & amp ; order task force
welcome to the law & order task_force of .
some wikipedians have form this collaboration resource and group dedicate to improve wikipedia 's coverage of the " law & order " franchise and the organization of information and article on this topic .
this page and -pron- subpage contain -pron- suggestion and various resource ; -pron- be hop that this project will help to focus the effort of other wikipedians interested in the topic .
if -pron- would like to help , please join the project , inquire on the and see the to - do list below .
please feel free to add -pron- here , and to indicate any area of particular interest .
please feel free to list -pron- new " law & order "- relate article here ( new article at the top , please ) .
any new article that have an interesting or unusual fact in -pron- , be at least over 1,000 character , do not have any dispute template on -pron- , " and cite -pron- source " , should be suggest for the box on the wikipedia main page .
association of the alpine states
the association of alpine states ( arge alp , , ) be an association of 10 state , province and canton of austria , germany , italy , and switzerland .
the member be , from austria : salzburg , tyrol , and vorarlberg ; from germany : bavaria ; from italy : south tyrol , lombardy , and trentino ; from switzerland : graubünden , st. gallen and ticino .
the association represent 23 million people within the area of about 142,000 km² .
-pron- be found on 12 october 1972 in mösern near telfs in tyrol .
liu_jia - yi ( 刘加诒 ) be the current english men 's senior table tennis coach .
-pron- be originally from china , where -pron- be both a national team player and coach before move to dubai to work for the national association .
after this -pron- move to work for the etta ( english table_tennis_association_n) and coach in england .
liu_jia - yi be very well respect around the world for -pron- vast knowledge of the sport , and for coach paul_drinkhall from the age of 11 to number 3 in the world under 18 ranking .
portrait of john henry wright from " american journal of archaeology " , second series , vol .
13 , no . 1 , 1909 .
file : kiley dean - whowillirunto?.jpg
wikipedia : article for deletion / iperceptions satisfaction_index ( ipsi )
wikipedia : article for deletion / the italian album
buley be a surname .
notable people with the surname include :
marcel sisniega campbell ( july 28 , 1959 – january 19 , 2013 ) be a mexican chess_grandmaster and film director .
sisniega campbell be the first mexican grand master , earn the gm title in 1992 and the international master title in 1978 .
sisniega be a nine - time mexican champion and three - time carlos torre repetto memorial winner .
in a very respectable chess career -pron- beat viswanathan_anand , artur yusupov , miguel illescas and jesus nogueiras amongst other .
-pron- largely stop play after the early 1990 .
-pron- be also a film writer and director .
-pron- be most recognize for -pron- work in create " libre de culpas " in 1997 .
-pron- brother be modern_pentathlete and politician ivar sisniega , and -pron- daughter be mexican - american actress sofía sisniega .
hogenakkal integrated drinking_water project
hogenakkal integrated drinking_water project be a fluorosis mitigation drinking water project be undertake at hogenakkal , dharmapuri_district , state of tamil_nadu , india .
-pron- be schedule to be execute by tamil_nadu water_supply and drainage board ( twad ) , with funding from japan bank for international cooperation ( jbic ) use tamil_nadu 's share of cauvery_river water .
the project aim to supply safe drinking water to drought prone & fluorosis affect dharmapuri and krishnagiri_districts of tamil_nadu .
dharmapuri and krishnagiri_districts of tamil_nadu be drought prone and have be the because of high political debate and riot .
although the kaveri river enter the state at biligundulu in dharmapuri_district , -pron- do not contribute to irrigation or drinking water purpose there .
with 10 of the 29 constituent district in tamil_nadu affect by fluorosis , dharmapuri_district have the high concentration of endemic fluoride in the state .
the total cost of this entire fluorosis mitigation project be r .
13.34 billion .
1.4 tmc foot of water be to be utilise for the hogenakkal_drinking water project .
-pron- will be from tamil_nadu 's share of cauvery water , thereby place no extra demand on karnataka .
the tamil_nadu government have receive a no objection_certificate from the central government for the hogenakkal_drinking water scheme .
a similar agreement with the j. h. patel lead government of karnataka in 1998 be base on the premise that both state will not obstruct drinking water scheme from cauvery as long as the water draw for such a project be source from the respective state 's share of cauvery water , whose proceeding have be record .
a copy of the letter give to the then tamil_nadu government chief secretary from the union ministry of water_resources can be find here .
the project be expect to cover 6,755 household in three municipal area , 17 panchayat and 18 town panchayat , benefit about three million people .
drinking water will be pump to a master balancing reservoir at madam , about 11  km from hogenakkal .
after treatment , water will be pump for 145  km to cover area such as palakkodu , marandahalli and hosur in tamil_nadu .
remain area in krishnagiri and dharmapuri district will be cover by take advantage of altitude gradient .
in 1998 , karnataka agree to abide by the condition impose by the union water_resources ministry if tamil_nadu withdraw -pron- objection to the cauvery water be use to augment supply to bangalore , accord to the minute of a meeting convene by the union secretary ( water_resources ) and attend by officer of the cauvery_basin states on drink water supply scheme of karnataka and tamil_nadu on june 29 , 1998 .
chief minister of tamil_nadu , m._karunanidhi lay the foundation stone for the project on february 26 , 2008 .
yeddiurappa , chief minister of karnataka claim that the propose drinking water project site in hogenakkal be situate in karnataka and thus spark controversy .
soon after yeddiurappa 's claim other political party in karnataka follow suit .
the agitation that follow in karnataka target the tamils until the assembly election get over there .
as a result of the protest , government of tamil_nadu announce on april 5 , 2008 that -pron- will wait till a new government take charge in karnataka .
m_karunanidhi , the chief minister of tamil_nadu reportedly say , " the project will not be shelve " .
as a first step toward the implementation of the project , the unit office of the hogenakkal water supply project be open at oddapatti near dharmapuri on 17 june 2008 .
on wednesday ( 29/05/2013 ) chief minister_j_jayalalithaa_nlaunch the hogenakkal drinking_water_scheme_nthrough videoconferencing from chennai .
rico saccani ( bear april 16 , 1952 ) be an italian conductor who serve as music director / artistic adviser of the budapest philharmonic_orchestra between 1996 and 2005 and be principal guest_conductor of the hungarian state opera from 1985 to 2005 .
saccani begin -pron- music career with piano study at age six .
-pron- attend the national music camp in interlochen , michigan from 1965–1968 and go on to the chautauqua summer music institute from 1969 - 1972 .
in 1973 , -pron- attend the summer academy at fontainebleau where -pron- work with nadia_boulanger .
follow 300 community concert piano_recitals from 1974–1978 , -pron- participate in the 1978 leeds and tchaikowsky international piano_competitions .
in 1974 , saccani graduate from the university of arizona with a b.s. in business and return in 1980 for a b.m. in music .
from 1980 - 1982 -pron- attend the university of michigan school of music where -pron- obtain -pron- m.m. in conducting under gustav meier and -pron- d.m.a. under louis nagel .
saccani attend the 1983 summer conduct seminar for young conductor at tanglewood where -pron- work with seiji_ozawa , leonard_bernstein and maurice_abravanel .
during a seven - year apprentice internship with italian conductor giuseppe patane , saccani win top prize in the 1984 herbert_von_karajan_ninternational conducting_competition in berlin .
saccani be engage to perform with the berlin and stuttgart radio orchestras , the royal danish philharmonic and the spoleto_festival .
-pron- opera debut come in 1985 in verdi 's " un giorno di regno " at the teatro filarmonico di_verona , " la_traviata " at the paris opera and the vienna state opera , " il turco in italia " at the rossini festival in pesaro plus " la_bohème " at the philadelphia opera with luciano_pavarotti for the pbs american television network .
saccani appear regularly as guest_conductor with many important symphony_orchestras include the bavarian radio orchestra ( munich ) , the czech philharmonic , the irish national symphony , the tokyo philharmonic and yomiuri symphonies , the oslo philharmonic , the madrid and bilbao orchestras , the gurzenisch orchestra ( cologne ) , the orchestre_de chambre de_genève ( geneva chamber_orchestra ) , the hungarian national state philharmonic , the mannheim national theater orchestra , the marseilles opera_orchestra and the franz_liszt chamber_orchestra .
maestro saccani also appear at the hamburg state opera , the lyon opera , the monte - carlo opera , the arena de_nîmes festival , the paris_opéra comique , rome , dresden and cologne operas .
saccani make -pron- metropolitan_opera debut in " il_trovatore " and be re - engage for the first international radio broadcast of traviata and " aida " .
-pron- also conduct at the teatro san_carlo ( naples ) , the arena_di_verona_n( " rigoletto " ) , the houston grand opera , the puccini festival torre_del_lago_n( " turandot " ) , the teatro bellini di catania ( " la favorite " and " -pron- puritani " ) as well as the maggio_musicale_fiorentino_n, the avenches swiss festival and the santander summer music_festival in spain .
maestro saccani be chief conductor / music director of the budapest philharmonic from 1999 - 2006 as well as principal_guest_conductor_nof the hungarian state opera during the same year .
-pron- initiate a " verdi marathon " in the hungarian state opera house in january 2000 celebrate the millennium where -pron- conduct seven verdi_operas in nine evening .
-pron- return to new_york 's carnegie_hall and washington 's kennedy center that same year with the iceland symphony as -pron- music director during -pron- north american tour .
among those with whom saccani have perform be :
2005 legion of honor ( hungary ) for " distinguished contribution to hungary 's cultural life for over 20 year "
category : suspect wikipedia sockpuppet of gruntlord6
an immure anchorite , consider by many to be a myth , be a tibetan_monk who have take a vow to spend -pron- life permanently seal inside a small walled cell .
the walled cell , only large enough for the monk to sit in meditation , have only a single stone that be move to offer bread and water once a day .
the cell have no window and the monk spend -pron- life in complete darkness .
there have be christian reference to anchorite who have immure -pron- seek a life of prayer and mediation .
usually there would be two hole in -pron- cell , one attach to the church in order to hear and observe mass and the other on the opposite side for visitor .
the concept of an immure anchorite be also use in the novel " the wheel of darkness " by douglas preston and lincoln child .
katsch may refer to :
wikipedia : article for deletion / elite world search
hildon be an application framework originally develop for mobile device ( pda , mobile_phones , etc . )
run the linux operating system as well as the symbian operating system .
the symbian variant of hildon be discontinue with the cancellation of series 90 .
-pron- be develop by nokia for the maemo operate system and be now a part of gnome .
-pron- focus on provide a finger - friendly interface .
-pron- be primarily a set of gtk+ extension that provide mobile - device – orient functionality , but also provide a desktop environment that include a task navigator for opening and switching between program , a control panel for user setting , and status bar , task bar and home applet .
-pron- be standard on the maemo platform use by the nokia internet tablet and the nokia n900 smartphone .
hildon have also be select as the framework for ubuntu mobile and embedded edition .
hildon be an early instance of a software platform for generic computing in a tablet device intend for internet consumption .
but nokia do not commit to -pron- as -pron- only platform for -pron- future mobile device and the project compete against other in - house platform .
the strategic advantage of a modern platform be not exploit , be displace by the series 60 .
the hildon framework include component that effectively provide a desktop environment .
hildon application manager be the hildon graphical package manager , -pron- use the debian package management tool apt ( advanced_packaging tool and dpkg ) and provide a graphical_interface for instal , updating and remove package .
-pron- be a limited package manager , design specifically for end - user , in that -pron- do not directly offer the user access to system file and library .
with the diablo release of maemo , hildon application manager now support " seamless software update " ( ssu ) , which implement a variety of feature to allow system upgrade to be easily perform through -pron- .
hildon control_panel be the user setting interface for hildon .
-pron- provide simple access to control panel use to change system setting .
hildon desktop be the primary ui component of hildon , so make up the bulk of what a user will see as " hildon " .
-pron- control application launch and switch , general system control , and provide interface for task bar ( application menu and task switcher ) , status bar ( brightness and volume control ) , and home ( internet radio and web search ) applet .
the hildon library , originally develop by nokia but since maemo 5 , develop by igalia and lanedo ( who develop maemogtk+ , the maemo version of gtk+ ) .
-pron- be a set of mobile specific gtk+ widget for application in maemo .
up to maemo 4 , these widget be design for stylus usage .
however , in maemo 5 , most widget be deprecate and new widget for direct finger manipulation be introduce , include a kinetic panning container .
dynamic video memory technology
dynamic video memory technology ( dvmt ) allow dynamic allocation of system memory for use as video memory to ensure the most efficient use of available resource for maximum 2d/3d graphic performance .
the amount of video memory be dependent_upon the amount of pre - allocate memory set for -pron- system plus something call dvmt .
dvmt , as -pron- name imply , dynamically_allocates system memory for use as video memory to ensure the most efficient use of available resource for maximum 2d/3d graphic performance .
-pron- be a technology use by intel to fulfill the need of graphically demand game .
washington state route 207
state route  207
( sr  207 ) be a state highway serve wenatchee national forest and lake wenatchee state park in chelan county , locate within the u.s. state of washington .
the highway travel north along nason creek from an intersection with u.s. route  2 ( us  2 ) at coles corner to chiwawa loop road on the eastern shore of lake wenatchee .
sr  207 be previously sign as part of secondary state highway  15c ( ssh  15c ) and ssh  15d until the 1964 highway renumbering , when ssh  15c be split between sr  207 and sr  209 .
sr  209 be remove from the highway system in 1991 and sr  207 be shorten to end at the former terminus of sr  209 .
sr  207 begin at an intersection with us  2 at coles corner within wenatchee national forest , and travel northeast parallel to nason creek upstream .
sr 
207 cross the wenatchee river into lake wenatchee state park and cross the wenatchee river , where -pron- end at an intersection with chiwawa loop road , formerly sr  209 , south of lake wenatchee state airport .
every year the washington state department of transportation ( wsdot ) conduct a series of survey on -pron- highway in the state to measure traffic volume .
this be express in term of average annual daily traffic ( aadt ) , which be a measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year .
in 2011 , wsdot calculate that between 2,000 and 2,400 vehicle per day use the highway , mostly at coles corner .
a road connect a great northern rail line to lake wenatchee be build by 1904 , and be designate as part of ssh  15c in 1937 , travel from psh  15 , concurrent with us  10 , at coles corner to psh  15 and us  10 in leavenworth via lake wenatchee state park .
ssh  15d be also establish in 1937 , travel west from ssh  15c to telma .
us  10 be move south in the 1940 and replace by us  10  alternate , which be later replace by us  2 in 1946 .
after the 1964 highway renumbering , ssh  15c be split between sr  207 and sr  209 , with ssh  15d become an extension of sr  207 .
sr  209 and a segment of sr  207 from chiwawa loop road to telma be remove from the state highway system in 1991 , and no major revision to the highway have occur since 1991.<ref name="wsdot2011/12-map"></ref >
file : john norum slip into tomorrow.jpg
kazuo uzuki be the subject of a baseball card issue by topps as an april_fools ' day hoax .
the card be release on february 6 , 2008 of a suppose high school superstar name kazuo " the uzi " uzuki .
in japanese , kazuo uzuki mean " the first son of april . "
the person actually depict on the card be a new_york university law student name sensen lin .
-pron- be list as 5'11 " and 165  lb and could supposedly throw a 104  mph pitch .
accord to the card , uzuki would be the first japanese player to go straight from high school in japan into professional baseball in the united_states .
the uzuki rookie card be find in one out of every 72 pack of card .
when the card be release , people do not know that -pron- be a joke and the card be trade for around $ 10–$15 on ebay .
-pron- be even the " card of the day " when -pron- be release .
also , the card say that an mlb scout call -pron- the good pitching prospect in 30 year and -pron- be get a astronomical deal .
also , the card say -pron- throw 17 strikeout in 7 innings at a wbc squad trial .
chiangmai football club ( thai สโมสรฟุตบอลจังหวัดเชียงใหม่ ) be a thai professional football club base in chiang_mai province , a city locate in the very northern part of thailand .
the club currently play in thai league 2 .
-pron- main home ground at 700th anniversary stadium .
base on the website thai - fussball.com , chiangmai football club be found in 1999 and play -pron- trade in thailands pro - league until 2007 .
at that time the club colour be pink and the heraldic animal be an elephant .
in 2009 the club be restructure .
-pron- be give a new badge , new management and a new nickname : " lanna tigers " .
the club finish 9th in the regional league division north just to win -pron- a year later .
-pron- qualify chiangmai football club to participate in the play - off which -pron- master successfully .
but the first ever adventure in the thai division one in 2011 last only one season .
-pron- take the side two year to bounce back .
however , a second period be on the limbo when club president udonpan jantaraviroj announce to withdraw the team and -pron- support form the second tier .
after lengthy discussion and fan protest -pron- agree to move on .
in the end of season 2016 the club be takeover by boon_rawd_brewery_ngroup from the former club president udonpan jantaraviroj but in the end of season boon_rawd_brewery_ngroup withdraw for the support of the team .
after the exit of boon_rawd_brewery_ngroup , chuchai lerthpongadisorn become the president with the group provide support .
halophila ovali , commonly know as paddle weed , spoon grass or dugong grass , be a seagrass in the family hydrocharitaceae .
-pron- be a small herbaceous plant that occur in sea bed and other saltwater environment in the indo - pacific .
the first description of the specie be by robert brown as " caulinia ovali " , this be transfer to the genus " halophila " by joseph dalton hooker in " flora tasmaniae " ( 1858 ) .
the species name " halophila ovata " be now regard as a synonym of this specie .
the plant occur around reef , estuary , island , inter - tidal area , on soft sand or mud substrate .
the leaf be ovate in outline , appear on stem that emerge from rhizome beneath the sand .
the root get up to 800  mm long and cover in fine root hair .
-pron- be often find in meadow that dominate a sand bank or other patch of sea floor .
the arrangement of the plant , above and below ground , provide stability to the sea floor and habitat for other specie .
-pron- be use as food by dugong , as be therefore know as dugong grass .
tom stevenson ( bear 1951 ) be a british author who have be write about wine for more than 30 year .
describe by -pron- colleague as one of today 's most prolific wine author , stevenson be regard as the world 's lead authority on champagne .
-pron- have write 23 book , the most important of which have be publish internationally by more than 50 publisher and translate into over 25 language .
in 1986 , -pron- book " champagne " become the first wine book to win four literary award , establish stevenson 's reputation as a serious author , a fastidious researcher with a talent for divine future issue , and a critic bold enough to take on the establishment .
although stevenson 's first writing on wine be publish in " decanter " in the late 1970 , a magazine for which -pron- still write , -pron- be a more prolific contributor to " wine magazine " for consumer and " wine & spirit international " for the trade ( both since merge into " wine & spirit " ) during the 1980 and 1990 .
at the time -pron- be well know for -pron- monthly " fizz file " column in " wine magazine " , and for be the sole author of the award win annual champagne supplement for both of these magazine .
in 1998 , -pron- " christie 's world encyclopedia of champagne & sparkling_wine " become the only wine book to warrant a leader in a uk national newspaper ( " the guardian " , 14 october 1998 ) , when -pron- publish for the first time ever a 17th - century document prove that the english use a second fermentation to convert still wine into sparkle at least six year before dom_pérignon arrive at the abbey of hautvillers , and almost 40 year before the french claim that sparkle champagne be invent .
stevenson be also regard as one of the world ’s leading expert on alsace wine .
in 1987 -pron- be elect a " confrère oenophile " of the confrérie saint_etienne , when -pron- be the sole person amongst the alsace wine producer and other expert present to identify a 50-year - old wine make from sylvaner .
in 1994 stevenson 's 600-page " the wines of alsace " win the veuve_clicquot book of the year award in the usa and cause malcolm gluck , then wine correspondent of " the guardian " , to declare that " -pron- be not simply the good book about alsace wine ever write , or the most penetrating book about a french wine region ever write ; -pron- be the great wine book ever write , period " .
stevenson be also the author of several more wide - range publication , include " the sotheby 's wine encyclopedia " , which be require reading for both master of wine and master_sommelier examination , and have be publish and revise continuously since 1988 .
in this book , stevenson have show that -pron- have the gift of take vast_quantities of knowledge and experience and translate -pron- into lucid , sparkle prose , easily graspable by the novice , yet still interesting and instructive to the connoisseur .
with " the oxford_companion to wine " , " the sotheby 's wine encyclopedia " be regard as one of the essential wine reference book in english .
in addition to the book author by stevenson , -pron- conceive and edit the annual " wine report " , describe by jancis_robinson , mw as " the most significant entirely new wine book to emerge in 2003 " .
in august 2009 -pron- be announce by publisher_dorling_kindersley_nthat the 2009 edition of " wine report " be to be the last , cite that the sale figure be insufficient to justify the fee of the guide 's 45 writer , among -pron- clive coates , mw and anthony rose . "
wine report " be the recipient of " good in world " prize three time at the gourmand international awards , and in 2006 -pron- become the only wine book to be induct into gourmand 's hall of fame ( a feat unmatched by other wine book until 2007 when join by " the world atlas of wine " and " bordeaux et_ses vins " ) .
over and above these award , stevenson have personally win 31 literary prize , include " wine writer of the year " three time and the coveted wine literary_award , america 's only lifetime_achievement award for wine writing .
stevenson have be chairman of champagne and alsace panel at the " " decanter " world wine awards " since -pron- inception , and have judge at other major competition in france , germany , greece , australia and the usa .
-pron- present the christie 's champagne masterclass in london ever year ( take -pron- to singapore one year ) .
-pron- sporadically write at wine-pages.com , and once away an entire edition of -pron- " champagne & sparkling_wine guide " simply because -pron- be late come out .
-pron- aromas and flavors resource list the active chemical_compounds responsible for common aroma in wine and have be describe as the most helpful tool for delineate wine 's attribute since dr. anne noble 's aroma_wheel be devise at uc_davis in 1990 .
the north american boxart for metal_gear_solid_n: portable ops
.
ops
plus be the sequel to metal_gear_solid_nportable_ops .
-pron- be a mass production game sell more than forty thousand copy worldwide .
metal_gear_solid_nportable ops
plus , be a mild - violent game .
-pron- can create squad and play as -pron- as -pron- capture enemy soldier and add -pron- to -pron- squad .
all -pron- have to do be get -pron- player , to the opposite end and find the exit point .
the game be rat 3/5 by gamepro .
-pron- be very good .
sauli tapani lehtonen ( 10 april 1975 in jyväskylä , finland – 9 september 1995 in helsinki , finland ) be a finnish tango singer .
in 1994 , -pron- be crown the tenth tango king when -pron- win a finnish tango competition tangomarkkinat .
on 8 september 1995 lehtonen and -pron- father , who be drive the car , hit a moose in sipoo .
lehtonen die in the töölö hospital in helsinki in the early morning of 9 september 1995 .
lehtonen be well know for -pron- way to keep -pron- eye closed when -pron- be sing .
the ainsworth psalter be write by english separatist clergyman henry ainsworth and be bring to america by the pilgrims in 1620 .
-pron- be publish in holland in 1612 .
-pron- be a parallel translation , include a literal rendering of the psalms and an accompanying metrical psalms .
platinnetz be a german - speaking , web - base social network for the so - call generation of good agers .
-pron- be create in april 2007 and have -pron- headquarters in unterhaching , near munich .
in early 2008 , the community already have approximately 100,000 register member .
member use the site above all for personal exchange and networking .
platinnetz be the big social network for silver surfer in germany , switzerland and austria .
since mid-2007 , platinnetz have the support of the european founders fund , as well as holtzbrinck_ventures .
the creator heike helfenstein , jan bromberger , and markus helfenstein want to offer middle generation in german - speak country more opportunity to become involved online .
the online community 's target audience include internet - user between 40 and 65 year of age .
platinnetz have , since -pron- beginning , be perceive as a classic dating - website for eld people .
however , the network distinguishes_itself from date - website in several respect : the profile do not include physical characteristic , and member receive no suggestion from the system .
the basic concept be the exchange of experience and opinion among register user , who can in turn talk about common interest or meet in both chat and forum .
every user create a personal profile and can establish contact with other member .
the search for partner and contact relie , however , the initiative of the member -pron- .
a particular aspect of platinnetz be the variety of virtual meeting and bar like " platinnetz international " or " pizzeria la_taverna " , that have be create as an alternative to real bar - life .
every member receive a weekly newsletter by email , which inform -pron- about newly publish article and forum .
in addition , a forum of the week be choose and birthday be announce .
user have access to the platinnetz blog , which keep -pron- up to date on user function and article that be particularly of interest to good agers .
the system can be label as so - call social software and be a web 2.0 offer .
-pron- offer the follow function :
search function to find other user ( by name , age , residence , and interest )
discussion_forums and article focus on the follow topic area : travel , health and nutrition , culture and knowledge , love , computer and technical , general and entertainment .
use of platinnetz be free for all member and should remain so accord to the operator .
on the website there be also link to partner company .
accord to the standard form contract , user be responsible for information , datum , text , image , and link to other website post on the communication platform .
ground accusation against a user or breach of the agreement lead to the expulsion of the user from the platform or limiting of -pron- or -pron- participation .
the user -pron- determine -pron- name , birthday , contact , and address , and can choose who may see this information : everyone , register user , only -pron- contact , or nobody .
the username ( first name and nickname ) be for " everyone " , " contact " or " nobody " visible .
each user be inform about who have visit -pron- profile .
anonymous visit be not possible .
margaret of geneva ( 1180?-1252 ) , countess of savoy , be the daughter of william i , count of geneva , and beatrice de faucigny ( 1160 - 1196 ) .
-pron- be suppose to become the third wife of philip ii of france .
however , when -pron- father be escort -pron- to france in may 1195 , thomas -pron- of savoy carry -pron- off .
attract by -pron- youth and -pron- beauty , count thomas then marry -pron- -pron- , claim that philip ii be already marry ( the french king have marry ingeborg of denmark in 1193 but have repudiate -pron- soon thereafter ) .
margaret 's father fall sick and die after the wedding , and -pron- mother die the following year .
margaret be the mother of either 14 or 19 child .
the child of marguerite and thomas -pron- of savoy be :
margaret be the ancestress of many royal house , include the valois and bourbons .
after -pron- death , -pron- be bury at hautecombe abbey in savoy .
josé_gonzález garcía ( bear august 12 , 1973 ) be a mexican chess_grandmaster .
in 2006 , garcía tie for 2nd–5th with slavko cicak , leonid gofshtein and josep manuel lopez martinez in the viii sants open .
wikipedia : article for deletion / tom stevenson
guillermo vargas jiménez , also know as habacuc , ( bear september 18 , 1975 , in san_josé , costa_rica ) be an artist best know for the controversy cause when -pron- exhibit an emaciated dog in a gallery in nicaragua in 2007 .
guillermo vargas study to be a special education teacher at the universidad interamericana_de costa_rica , but -pron- do not graduate .
vargas describe -pron- as a self - teach artist .
vargas 's medium include photography , painting , performance art , installation art , theatrical dance , and video .
-pron- have exhibit in mexico , nicaragua and costa_rica , as well as at the inter - american development bank in the united_states .
vargas be choose as one of six representative from costa_rica to present at the bienal centroamericana honduras in 2008 and again for the bienal del_istmo 2010 .
in june , 2010 , two of vargas 's video be to be present at the bienal_de pontevedra in spain ; however , after vargas show up wear a t - shirt that read " camiseta , " -pron- video be remove from the program .
in august , 2007 , vargas display -pron- " exposición n_° 1 " in the códice gallery in managua , nicaragua .
the exposition include the burning of 175 piece of crack_cocaine and an ounce of marijuana while the sandinista anthem play backwards .
the work also include an emaciated dog tie to a wall by a length of rope with " eres lo_que lees " ( " -pron- be what -pron- read " ) write on the wall in dog food .
accord to vargas , the work include a fifth element : the medium .
the work attract controversy when -pron- be report that the dog have starve to death as part of vargas 's work .
photograph of the exhibit appear on the internet , show the dog tie to the wall in a room full of stand people .
there be no indication in the photo of where or when -pron- be take , nor of who take -pron- .
the outrage trigger by the photo and the allegation that the dog have be leave to starve to death quickly spread internationally via blog , e - mail , and other unconfirmed source , include internet petition to prevent vargas from participate in the 2008 bienal centroamericana in honduras that receive over four million signature .
vargas have endorse the petition , say that -pron- , too , have sign -pron- .
juanita bermúdez , the director of the códice gallery , state that the animal be feed regularly and be only tie up for three hour on one day before -pron- escape .
vargas -pron- refuse to comment on the fate of the dog , but note that no one try to free the dog , give -pron- food , call the police , or do anything for the dog .
vargas state that the exhibit and the surround controversy highlight people 's hypocrisy because no one care about a dog that starve to death in the street .
in an interview with " el_tiempo " , vargas explain that -pron- be inspire by the death of natividad canda , an indigent nicaraguan addict , who be kill by two rottweiler in cartago province , costa_rica , while be film by the news medium in the presence of police , firefighter , and security guard .
upon conduct a probe , the humane_society of the united_states be inform that the dog be in a state of starvation when -pron- be capture and escape after one day of captivity ; however , the organization also categorically condemn " the use of live animal in exhibit such as this . "
the world society for the protection of animals ( wspa ) also investigate the exhibit .
wspa find the information regard the issue to be " inconsistent " and meet with sponsor of the honduras bienal to ensure that no animal would be abuse at the 2008 exhibition in that country .
in december 2013 , vargas present -pron- work " axioma " in a gallery in heredia , costa_rica .
habacuc present a healthy dog ( name axioma ) and promise to begin a blog , publish one photo per day of the dog until the costa_rican election in february 2014 .
the photo be say to show the effect of the passing of time on the dog and be to pair with image of the " myth " report in the official report on the state of the nation .
vargas be accuse of plan to document the starvation of the dog .
the animal_welfare organization asesoría legal animal publish one of the photo on facebook , ask for help in stop vargas .
in the ensue controversy , the blog be take down , and the costa_rican national animal health service investigate the case , find the dog in good health .
vargas explain that -pron- have find the dog in the street in 2010 and have document -pron- recuperation over time .
the idea have be to upload the photo of the dog 's recuperation in reverse order .
vargas describe the reaction to -pron- work as typical of a world in which people form opinion without be inform .
t. f. gilroy daly
t. f. gilroy daly ( february 25 , 1931 - july 11 , 1996 ) be a lawyer and united_states district_judge in connecticut who , as a trial lawyer , be note for win the freedom of a man wrongly_convicted of murder in 1976 .
-pron- serve as district_judge from 1977 - 1996 .
daly be bear in fairfield , connecticut on february 25 , 1931 .
-pron- attend the prestigious fairfield college_preparatory school and later go on and graduate from georgetown university in 1952 before leave for service in korea , where -pron- be a first lieutenant with the u.s. army rangers until 1954 .
-pron- go on to attend yale law school , graduate in 1957 .
-pron- great - grandfather thomas f. gilroy be an irish immigrant who be mayor of new_york city in the 1890s .
-pron- father , colonel paul daly , be a world war i and world_war_ii_nveteran who have receive the distinguished_service cross and twice be nominate for the medal of honor .
daly have three brother , michael , daniel and dermot and three sister , madeleine potter , bevin patterson and alison gerard .
daly 's brother , michael j. daly , be a medal of honor_recipient for action during world_war_ii_n.
daly begin -pron- law career as a private attorney in new_york before be name an assistant federal prosecutor for the southern district of new_york in 1961 .
-pron- return to private practice in connecticut from 1964 to 1977 , until -pron- nomination to the federal bench .
as a trial lawyer , daly gain prominence when -pron- win freedom for peter a. reilly of litchfield county , connecticut , who have be convict of murder -pron- mother .
with the help of a private investigator , daly uncover new evidence that result in reilly be clear of the crime and release from jail .
president jimmy_carter appoint -pron- to the federal bench in 1977 and -pron- serve as chief judge of the district from 1983 to 1988 .
during -pron- tenure , -pron- reduce a severe backlog of case by call on out - of - state judge to help try connecticut case and by win approval for additional full - time judge .
as a judge , -pron- preside over several high - profile trial , include the waterbury municipal corruption case , which end in 1992 when -pron- send the former mayor joseph j. santopietro to federal prison for nine year .
in may 1995 , in a landmark decision , -pron- rule that state police can be hold liable for tap telephone conversation in barracks .
daly serve on the bench until -pron- death of melanoma at age 65 in -pron- roxbury , connecticut , home .
shona_auerbach be a british film director and cinematographer .
auerbach begin -pron- career as a still photographer .
-pron- study film at manchester university and cinematography at leeds before complete -pron- master of arts at the polish national film school in łódź .
-pron- first directorial effort be the 1996 short subject " seven " , which win -pron- award from the munich international festival of film schools , the montecatini filmvideo international short_film festival in spain , and the capalbio cinema international short_film festival in italy .
-pron- spend the next several year direct commercial while at the same time prepare -pron- debut feature film , " dear_frankie " , which be show at numerous film festival in 2004 and be release commercially in early 2005 .
-pron- also serve as cinematographer on both film .
for " dear_frankie " , auerbach be nominate for the bafta award for best_newcomer and the bafta scotland award for best director .
-pron- win the heartland film_festival crystal heart award , the high falls film_festival audience_award for best feature_film , the jackson_hole film_festival cowboy award for best feature_film , the los_angeles ifp / west film_festival audience_award for good international feature_film , the montreal world film_festival golden zenith award , the seattle international_film_festival_nwomen in cinema lena sharpe award , and the winfemme film_festival award ( part of women 's image network awards ) for best film or tv show direct by a woman .
auerbach be marry to cinematographer graeme dunn .
:
featured topic candidate / fail log / april 2008
robert percell " bob " ferguson ( may 9 , 1929 – november 26 , 2006 ) , who perform as h - bomb ferguson , be an american jump blue singer .
-pron- be an early pioneer of the rock and roll style of the mid-1950 , feature drive rhythm , intensely shout vocal , honk tenor_saxophone solo , and outlandish personal appearance .
ferguson sing and play piano in a flamboyant style , wear colorful wig .
bear in torest , charleston county , south carolina , -pron- be the eleventh of twelve child .
-pron- father be a baptist_preacher who pay for piano_lessons for -pron- son , on condition -pron- learn sacred melody .
but ferguson have other idea . "
after church be over , while the people be all stand outside talk , -pron- and -pron- friend would run back inside and -pron- would play the blue on the piano . "
at the age of 19 , -pron- be on the road with joe liggins and the honeydrippers .
-pron- move to new_york , where ferguson branch off on -pron- own , get a gig at the nightclub baby grand club in harlem , bill as " the cobra kid . "
a blues_shouter , -pron- first record as bob ferguson in new_york in 1950 , for derby records , whose drummer jack " the bear " parker ( accord to most source ) give -pron- the nickname " h - bomb " and become -pron- manager .
-pron- debut be follow by release on atlas and prestige , before -pron- sign a recording contract with savoy records in 1951 .
several saxophone - drive single follow , in the style of wynonie harris , and " good love " be at least regionally successful though -pron- fail to reach the national chart .
ferguson tour club with such entertainer as ruth brown , clarence " gatemouth " brown and redd_foxx , sing and tell joke .
-pron- also continue to release single on mostly small record label .
in 1957 -pron- move to cincinnati , ohio , and sign with king records .
-pron- recording on the king subsidiary federal records include " mary , little mary " and " midnight ramblin ' tonight " .
-pron- form -pron- own band , h - bomb ferguson and -pron- mad lad , and develop -pron- own style with more focus on -pron- piano playing , tour through the 1960 .
-pron- retire from perform in the early 1970 , but make several comeback , notably perform at many blue festival in britain and europe during the 1980 and 1990 in a characteristically flamboyant style , wear a variety of multicolored_wigs .
back by the bluesmen -pron- release " bad times blues " in 1989 as a local lp release in cincinnati under papa lou recordings number 801 from vetco enterprises .
back by the medicine men , -pron- record -pron- first album , " wiggin ' out " , for chicago 's earwig music in 1993 .
-pron- die in 2006 at the hospice of cincinnati , of complication from emphysema and cardiopulmonary disease , aged 77 .
-pron- early work be feature in a compilation album " h - bomb ferguson : big city blues , 1951 - 54 " .
also a documentary be make of -pron- life , entitle " the life and times of h - bomb ferguson " .
péter baczakó ( bear 27 september 1951 in ercsi – d. 1 april 2008 in budapest ) be a hungarian_weightlifter .
-pron- win a bronze_medal at the 1976 summer_olympics and a gold_medal at the 1980 summer_olympics .
overall baczako win a total of 23 medal , include four gold , at world and european championship from 1973 - 82 .
-pron- spend -pron- whole career at the budapest club bkv - elore , where -pron- become a coach after -pron- retire from compete .
peter baczako die on april 1 , 2008 in budapest of cancer .
-pron- have also be diagnose with muscular_dystrophy and spend -pron- last month in a wheelchair .
washington state route 211
state route  211 ( sr  211 ) be a washington state highway locate in pend_oreille county .
the long route that begin at an intersection with ( us  2 ) east of diamond lake .
the highway extend north to end at in usk , a small community south of cusick .
the roadway serve as a bypass of newport .
the route originally be establish as ( ssh  6b ) in 1937 .
ssh  6b be later renumber to sr  311 in 1964 during the highway renumbering .
after sr  20 be extend east over sr  31 , the highway be renumber to sr  211 .
state route  211 ( sr  211 ) begin -pron- of highway at an intersection with ( us  2 ) , a major west – east route , east of diamond lake .
after the intersection , the road travel northwest to sacheen lake and north to deer_valley before continue northbound to davis lake .
after davis lake , the road intersect westside kalispel road and advance north to -pron- terminus at in usk , locate south of cusick .
north of the us  2 intersection , an estimate 2,200 motorist utilize lewis street daily base on average annual daily traffic ( aadt ) datum collect by the washington state department of transportation .
sr  211 be originally establish as ( ssh  6b ) in 1937 , during the creation of the primary and secondary highway system ; the highway run from ( us  195 ) to ( psh  6 ) .
us  195 later become in 1948 , as part of a westward expansion .
the washington state legislature renumber and change the system in 1964 , psh  6 become sr  31 and ssh  6b become sr  311 .
be later extend east over the route of sr  31 in 1973 and sr  311 be renumber to sr  211 in 1975 .
shane frederick ( bear 1968 ) be a tenured_professor at yale university 's school of management .
-pron- earlier work at massachusetts institute of technology .
-pron- be the creator of the cognitive reflection test , which measure how " rational " testee be .
people who score high be less vulnerable to various bias in thinking include prospect theory and irrational intertemporal choice .
-pron- be consider an authority on decision - making and intertemporal choice , time preference and discount function , and have author paper with , among other , george_loewenstein of carnegie_mellon_university_nand nobel_laureate daniel_kahneman , emeritus of princeton university .
shane frederick be bear in park falls , wisconsin , and graduate from the university of wisconsin with a b.a. in zoology , from simon_fraser university with an m.s. in resource_management , and from carnegie_mellon_university_nwith a ph.d. in decision sciences .
hd 97048 or cu chamaeleontis be a star in the constellation chamaeleon .
this young star have a substantial dust disk .
this have a central cavity with a 40−46 
radius
file : king faisal ii of iraq and iskander_mirza ( 1956).jpg
sir john trevelyan , 4th baronet
sir john trevelyan , 4th baronet ( 6 february 1735 – 18 april 1828 ) , be a british politician who sit in the house of commons from 1777 to 1796 .
the member of an ancient cornwall family , trevelyan be the only son of sir george trevelyan , 3rd baronet , of nettlecombe , somerset , whom -pron- succeed as 4th baronet in 1768 .
-pron- also inherit northumbrian estate from -pron- wife 's uncle in 1777 .
trevelyan be appoint high sheriff of somerset for 1777–78 and sit as member of parliament for newcastle - upon - tyne from 1777 to 1780 and for somerset from 1780 to 1796 .
in 1784 -pron- be a member of the st. alban 's tavern group who try to bring fox and pitt together .
trevelyan die in april 1828 , age 93 .
-pron- have marry louisa marianne , daughter and coheiress of a huguenot merchant , peter simond of london , with whom -pron- have 6 son and 2 daughter .
-pron- many descendant include :
doctor_who ( series 4 )
the fourth series of british science_fiction television programme " doctor_who " begin on 25 december 2007 with the christmas special " voyage of the damned " .
follow the special , a regular series of thirteen episode air , start with " partners in crime " on 5 april 2008 and end with " journey 's end " .
" partner in crime " mark the debut of donna noble , as play by catherine_tate , as a full - time companion to the tenth_doctor .
a short children in need special be also produce .
the series start production on 8 august 2007 and conclude on 29 march 2008 .
this be the final full series to star david tennant as the doctor , and the last with lead writer and showrunner russell t davy , however -pron- would both stay until 2010 , follow a year 's worth of special .
the concept of the " doctor - lite " episode ( which include " love & monsters " from series 2 and " blink " in series 3 ) , in which the doctor play a minimal part in the action of the story , be take further in this series with the addition of a " companion - lite " episode ; " midnight " be a story primarily feature the doctor , with donna only in scene at the beginning and end of the episode , while " turn left " equally have the doctor play a minimal role , instead focus on donna .
the fourth series mark david tennant 's third and final full series as the doctor ( although -pron- continue in the role for the 2008–2010 specials ) and also feature a total of seven companion .
in the christmas special , australian actress and singer_kylie_minogue_nstar as one - time companion astrid
peth , who perish before the end of the episode .
the companion in the regular series have all be in the lead companion role previously : the primary role of donna noble , who be introduce in " the runaway_bride " , be play by catherine_tate for all thirteen episode .
-pron- return be announce by the bbc on 3 july 2007 .
freema_agyeman , who portray the doctor 's companion martha jones in series three , return for " the sontaran stratagem " , " the poison sky " , " the doctor 's daughter " , " the stolen earth " and " journey 's end " .
billie_piper , who play rose tyler from the first episode of the new series to the finale of the second series appear in the three final episode of the series .
-pron- make brief appearance in the episode " partners in crime " , " the poison sky " and " midnight " .
-pron- return have be plan by davy since -pron- departure in 2006 .
-pron- return to the show be announce on 27 november 2007 .
john_barrowman , elisabeth_sladen , noel clarke and camille_coduri , who portray previous companion jack_harkness , sarah jane smith , mickey smith and jackie tyler respectively , also reappear in the finale .
recur guest star for the series include bernard_cribbins and jacqueline king as donna 's grandfather wilfred mott and mother sylvia noble .
penelope_wilton return as sham former prime_minister harriet jones in " the stolen earth " , -pron- first appearance since " the christmas invasion " .
noel clarke and camille_coduri reprise -pron- role as mickey smith and jackie tyler in " journey 's end " .
adjoa_andoh return as martha jones ' mother francine in the finale .
eve_myles , gareth david - lloyd and tommy knight also star in the finale in -pron- respective role of gwen cooper , ianto_jones and luke smith from spin - off series " torchwood " and " the sarah jane adventures " .
this mark -pron- first appearance in " doctor_who " -pron- , although eve_myles have previously feature in " the unquiet_dead " as a direct ancestor of gwen call gwyneth .
the fourth series feature a large number of high - profile star such as kylie minogue
( astrid peth in " voyage of the damned " ) , alex kingston and steve pemberton
( river song and strackman lux respectively in " silence in the library"/"for of the dead " ) , sarah lancashire (
miss foster in " partners in crime " ) , and phil davis and peter_capaldi ( lucius and caecillus respectively in " the fire of pompeii " ) .
other guest star include sasha behar , tim_mcinnerny , colin morgan , christopher ryan , georgia moffett ( daughter of fifth doctor actor peter davison and current wife of david tennant ) , nigel terry , felicity_kendal , fenella_woolgar , colin salmon , lesley sharp , lindsey coulson , david troughton ( son of second doctor actor patrick_troughton ) , and chipo chung ( who have previously portray chantho in " utopia " ) .
evolutionary_biologist richard_dawkins and paul o'grady make cameo_appearances as -pron- in " the stolen earth " .
" doctor_who " have be recommission for a fourth series in march 2007 , shortly before the broadcast of the third series .
the production schedule call for 15 full episode to be produce , rather than the usual 14 , due to the announcement that the next full series of " doctor_who " would not air until 2010 .
this schedule mean that the programme would be unable to enter production during the second half of 2008 .
the 15 episode consist of 13 regular episode and two christmas special .
record for the 2007 christmas special begin on 9 july 2007 , with production on the series -pron- begin on 8 august 2007 and conclude on 29 march 2008 .
the tenth production block -- consist of 2008 christmas special " the next doctor " and the bbc_proms " cutaway " scene " music of the spheres "
-- complete recording on 3 may
" doctor_who magazine " gradually reveal writer for the series alongside episode announcement .
first - time writer for the show include james moran , co - writer of the 2006 horror film " severance " , and keith temple , who have write episode of " byker_grove " and " casualty " .
previous writer gareth roberts , stephen_greenhorn , helen raynor , steven_moffat and russell t davy all contribute to the series , with davy continue to act as head writer and executive producer .
tom macrae have write an episode for this series , entitle " century house " , but this be replace after russell t davies decide that -pron- be too close in tone to gareth roberts ' "
the unicorn and the wasp " .
this be phil_collinson 's last series as producer , as well as russell t davies and julie gardner 's last full series as executive producer , all have work on the programme since -pron- return .
davy and gardner continue -pron- role for the 2009/10 special .
susie liggat produce five episode ( block 2 , 5 and 7 ) , as -pron- do in series 3 with " human nature"/"the family of blood " .
collinson receive an executive producer credit for these episode .
all of the episode title be reveal in the 5 april 2008 issue of the " radio times " , except the title of the twelfth , which be " be keep secret as -pron- give away too much . "
the article also identify the title of episode 9 as " river 's run " , as do the press_release for the subsequent issue of " doctor_who magazine " , but this be change a few day afterwards to " forest of the dead " .
the title of episode 12 be eventually reveal in a press_release as " the stolen earth " .
a children in need special , entitle " time crash " , be produce alongside the series and be broadcast on 16 november 2007 .
in addition , a mini - episode entitled " music of the spheres " be shoot on 3 may 2008 for series 4 and be premier at the " doctor
who " prom on 27 july 2008 , with the audio be broadcast simultaneously on bbc_radio 3 .
-pron- be then broadcast on bbc one on new year 's day 2009 .
on 1 february 2008 , the bbc announce that , in a partnership with carlton screen advertising , a 90-second film trailer of the fourth series would be show in cinema across britain " before the most anticipated new release " .
the trailer be air on british television on 22 march 2008 .
three teaser_trailers and one full length trailer consist of unique footage be subsequently produce and air on television and in cinema promote the fourth series .
as with the third series and every series subsequently , the star of the show and production crew attend a premiere in central london where the first two episode of the series be screen .
like the previous three series , all of the episode be bind together in a loose story arc .
in previous series , the story arc be in the form of an arc word , such as bad wolf , torchwood , or mr saxon , but the arc for the fourth series be cumulative : " doctor_who magazine"s preview of " partners in crime " describe the arc as " an element from every episode – whether -pron- be a person , a phrase , a question , a planet , or a mystery –build up to the grand_finale " .
multiple mention be make about the bee disappear from planet earth and story drive by a missing or lose planet .
executive producer russell t davy state in the same feature that the series ' finale have be plan for three year previous to -pron- airdate .
the regular series focus heavily on donna : david tennant state that the " whole thirteen week be donna 's story ...
why -pron- be with the doctor again be the subtext " , and producer phil_collinson cite donna as a " fresh dynamic " for the fourth series .
production block be arrange as follow :
the forty - second trailer feature donna noble , portray by comedian catherine_tate , sit over a camp fire , talk about " creature of metal , fire , and blood " threaten the universe as shot of the daleks , sontarans , and the ood come into view .
-pron- talk about a man call the doctor ( david tennant ) , who be portray in fleeting_glimpses until -pron- name be mention , who constantly save the universe from these threat .
donna end -pron- narration by say the doctor will be back to save -pron- and -pron- will be ready to join -pron- .
the trailer end with the doctor and donna simultaneously say " and just like that , -pron- will be go . "
series 4 receive positive review from critic .
-pron- be consider one of the great series of the revive show and be the series that see the revive era at -pron- peak in popularity , with the term " doctor_who fever " be coin alongside this season .
ben rawson - jones of " digital_spy " give the series 4 star out of 5 and say , " a win mixture of elation and poignancy ensure that the season achieve a great tonal balance where neither light nor dark be allow to fully overwhelm the other " .
-pron- praise tate 's performance , " at the core be catherine_tate 's excellent performance as donna noble , a refreshing contrast to the effervescent spirit of rose and martha " .
however -pron- be critical of certain monster lack " menace " , -pron- name the sontarans as an example and say the execution of unit " be a genuine letdown " .
-pron- do however praise the tone of the series , " russell t. davies deserve great praise for assemble such a diverse range of story " .
" den of geek " give an overwhelmingly positive review of the series give -pron- four star out of five say , " -pron- be the most consistent of the new series so far ( in fact , of the show ’s 45 year history ) " .
-pron- praise the special effect as never be good cite " the fire of pompeii " , " planet of the ood " and the finale as " the epitome of what the mill can do " .
-pron- praise the act talent of david tennant and catherine_tate say , " never have -pron- have -pron- so good ...
-pron- [ tate ] display such a fine grasp of character that even david tennant be leave slightly in the shade by -pron- energetic , thoughtful , hopeful and achingly sorrowful ( not to mention damn funny to boot ) performance " .
however -pron- criticise the familiarity of the sontaran two - parter and the hollowness of " voyage of the damned " .
overall -pron- say , " series four be never anything less than stunning , there be no ‘ lows’ -pron- be all ‘ highs’ , " and praise russell t. davy .
-pron- sum up the series as " astonishing " .
david cornelius of " dvd talk " say " -pron- be the good season yet ...
every episode in this season be a highlight " .
-pron- too praise tate 's performance call -pron- , " the new series ' good companion yet . "
davy ' and tennant 's final series "
-pron- will always remember as the year davies and tennant go out on top " -pron- say .
-pron- praise the cast and crew , " the excellent guest star , the impressive set design , the sharp direction and the detailed creature makeup " .
overall -pron- say , " the fourth season of " doctor_who " be outstanding television ... and a monumental work of storytelling " .
travis_fickett of " ign " give the series 7.5 out of 10 .
-pron- say , " overall , this season be a mixed bag .
-pron- enjoy donna more than martha and less than rose .
-pron- be a let down to see the daleks as the villain yet again , especially after the terrific appearance by the master .
the sontarans be original and fun , but nothing to write home about .
-pron- say the moffat two - parter and davy episode " midnight " and " turn left " be the highlight of the series .
the series finale "
the stolen earth"/"journey 's end " receive the high ever appreciation index score for an episode of " doctor
who " and one of the high ever give to a television programme : 91 .
a poll conduct by " radio times " in 2015 find that reader vote the series four finale as the great finale of the show .
the series be nominate in the " good drama series " category for the british academy television awards at the british academy television craft awards russell t. davies be nominate for best writer for " midnight " , philip kloss win the award for good edit fiction / entertainment .
at the bafta_cymru awards in 2009 the show be nominate for 8 award ; good drama series / serial , good director – drama , best screenwriter , good original music soundtrack , best sound , good director of photography – drama , good make - up and best editor .
3 award be win , euros_lyn for good director for -pron- work on " silence in the library " , russell t. davies for best screenwriter for " midnight " and julian howarth , tim ricketts , paul mcfadden and paul jefferies for good sound for -pron- work on " midnight " .
david tennant be nominate for best_actor at the 2009 broadcasting press guild_awards .
at the 2009 constellation awards the series win best science_fiction television series of 2008 , david tennant be nominate for best_male performance in a 2008 science_fiction television episode for -pron- performance in " midnight " .
catherine_tate win best_female performance in a 2008 science_fiction television episode for the episode "
turn left " and steven_moffat win good overall 2008 science_fiction film or television script for " silence in the library " . "
doctor_who " win the edinburgh international television festival award for best programme of the year in 2008 .
in 2009 the episode " silence in the library"/"for of the dead " and " turn left " be nominate for the hugo award for best dramatic_presentation .
at the 2008 national television awards ceremony david tennant win the award for outstanding_drama performance .
catherine_tate be also nominate for the award .
at the 2008 rts television awards the show be nominate for good drama series and tennant be nominate for best_actor - male .
julian howarth , tim ricketts , paul mcfadden and paul jefferies win for good sound - drama for the episode " midnight " .
at the 13th
satellite awards david tennant be nominate for best_actor – television series drama .
at the 2008 scream_awards david tennant be nominate for best science_fiction actor .
at the 2008 sfx awards the show win all four award -pron- be nominate for ; good tv show , graeme harper and russell t. davy for good tv episode for " the stolen earth"/"journey 's end " ,
david tennant and catherine_tate win good tv actor and actress .
at the 2008 tv quick awards the series win best loved drama and tennant and tate win best_actor and actress .
at the visual_effects_society_nawards 2008 simon wicker , charlie bennett , tim barter , arianna lagowon the award for outstanding matte paintings in a broadcast program or commercial for the episode " silence in the library " .
select piece of score from this series ( from " voyage of the damned " to " journey 's end " ) , as compose by murray gold , be release on 17 november 2008 by silva screen records
category : film direct by victor_hugo halperin
slip into tomorrow be the fifth solo album by john norum , the guitarist for swedish hard rock band europe , release in 1999 .
the album feature a cover version of the thin_lizzy song " killer without a cause " .
west home be a historic building in yorba_linda , california .
-pron- be the home of jessamyn_west during -pron- childhood .
-pron- be list on the national register of historic_places in 1981 .
wikipedia : article for deletion / operation bold action
maoist_communist party be the name of a political party that may refer to :
dr. hla_pe ( , ; 8 january 1913 – 31 july 2007 ) be a foremost burmese language linguist and a longtime contributor to the burmese – english_dictionary .
-pron- be professor of burmese language and culture at the university of london from 1966 to 1980 .
-pron- be bear in kha - ye village near mawlamyaing , british burma , where -pron- be bring up by four spinster_aunts .
the son of a burmese traditional doctor , -pron- have -pron- early education in the village monastery .
-pron- then study at government high school .
after high school , -pron- go to rangoon university and earn an ma in burmese in 1938 .
-pron- be select for a state scholarship for further study in london the same year .
in 1939 , -pron- get a diploma in education from the institute of education , university of london .
in 1944 -pron- obtain -pron- doctorate in burmese at the university of london 's school of oriental studies ( later rename the school of oriental and african studies ) .
from 1942 to 1946 -pron- be the news broadcaster , translator and commentator with the bbc burmese .
at the same time -pron- be an assistant editor of the burmese – english_dictionary .
-pron- become an associate editor of the dictionary in 1948 .
-pron- devote forty year to write the dictionary .
professor hla_pe teach burmese language and culture at soas from 1948 and be professor of burmese at soas from 1966 until -pron- retirement in 1980 .
-pron- return to burma after -pron- retirement and settle down in mawlamya with -pron- wife than mya .
on -pron- return -pron- bring back to burma -pron- lifelong collection of book , say to be worth about 50,000 usd , for donation to burmese university library .
consider one of the most prominent burmese scholar and one of the founder of burma studies , -pron- have write numerous academic article for burma journal and publish many book in english and burmese during -pron- academic career .
-pron- die in mawlamyaing , myanmar in 2007 .
wikipedia : article for deletion / operation united front
thomas emmet clarie
( january 1 , 1913–september 24 , 1997 ) be an american lawyer , politician , and later federal judge from the state of connecticut .
clarie serve in the connecticut general_assembly before -pron- appointment to the united_states district_court for the district of connecticut .
-pron- sit on the bench from 1961 until -pron- death in 1997 .
thomas emmet clarie be bear on january 1 , 1913 , in killingly , connecticut , near the border with rhode_island .
-pron- father , thomas c. clarie , be a building contractor and stonemason ; -pron- mother be kathryn burns clarie .
-pron- receive a ph . b. from providence college in 1933 and an ll.b. from hartford college of law ( now the university of connecticut school of law ) in 1938 .
claire be a member of the connecticut general_assembly from 1937 to 1943 , and a democratic floor leader from 1939 to 1943 .
claire be first elect to the assembly the year before -pron- graduate from law school .
-pron- engage in the private practice of law in danielson , connecticut from 1940 to 1961 .
-pron- serve as a prosecutor for the killingly town court in danielson in 1951 , as assistant to statute revision commissioner for the state of connecticut in 1945 , as a clerk of the connecticut state senate in 1949 , as state liquor commissioner for the state of connecticut from 1949 to 1955 , and as chairman of the connecticut state liquor commission from 1955 to 1961 .
clarie be nominate by president john_f._kennedy_nto the united_states district_court for the district of connecticut on september 5 , 1961 , to a new seat create by 75 stat .
80 , confirm by the senate on september 14 , 1961 , and receive -pron- commission on september 18 , 1961 .
-pron- serve as chief judge from 1974 to 1983 .
-pron- assume senior status on january 1 , 1983 .
clarie 's most famous case be the trial of member of the puerto_rican_nationalist_ngroup los_macheteros accuse of rob a wells_fargo bank in west hartford , connecticut of nearly $ 7.6 million .
claire preside over the trial , at which the defense lawyer be william_kunstler and leonard_weinglass .
by 1989 , most of the 19 defendant be convict ( either at trial or follow a guilty_plea ) ; three be fugitive who be never capture , one be acquit , and one defendant 's charge be dismiss .
clarie be credit with keep cool under pressure .
clarie die on september 24 , 1997 , in danielson , connecticut , at the age of 84 , of viral_pneumonia .
although -pron- keep -pron- chamber in hartford , connecticut , the state capital , -pron- live in the rural small town of danielson in a colonial - style house on a 220-acre farm , make the 104-mile round trip almost every workday .
-pron- consider -pron- a small - town lawyer .
clarie be marry to gertrude reynolds clarie ( d. 1995 ) .
washington state route 215
state route  215 ( sr  215 ) be a state highway serve okanogan county in the u.s. state of washington .
the highway travel northeast parallel to the okanogan river from sr  20 in okanogan to sr 
155 
spur in downtown omak .
sr  215 turn east to end at an intersection with sr  20 and u.s. route  97
( us  97 ) in north omak .
the highway be previously part of state road  10 and primary state highway  10
( psh  10 ) , concurrent with us  97 , until a bypass of omak be build in the 1960 .
sr  20 be rout onto the highway after the 1964 highway renumbering , but be move to the bypass and replace by sr  215 in 1973 .
sr  215 begin as 2nd avenue in okanogan at an intersection with sr  20 , which turn southeast to cross the okanogan river .
2nd avenue cross over salmon_creek before -pron- empty into the okanogan river at alma park .
the highway continue northeast and pass the okanogan community library before leave okanogan for omak , become elmway .
sr  215 pass the omak memorial cemetery and mid - valley hospital before become okoma drive and enter downtown omak .
the roadway turn east onto 4th avenue and back north onto main_street , pass the local post office , before intersect omak avenue , sign as sr  155 
.
main_street continue north and pass the omak campus of wenatchee_valley college , before turn east onto riverside_drive and end at an intersection with sr  20 and us  97 .
every year the washington state department of transportation ( wsdot ) conduct a series of survey on -pron- highway in the state to measure traffic volume .
this be express in term of average annual daily traffic ( aadt ) , which be a measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year .
in 2011 , wsdot calculate that between 4,200 and 13,000 vehicle per day use the highway , mostly in downtown omak .
a north – south road connect okanogan to omak along the okanogan river have exist since 1903 , and be designate as part of state road  10 in 1905 .
the highway be name the chelan and okanogan highway in 1919 and become part of us  97 in 1926 during the creation of the united_states numbered highways , and become psh  10 during the creation of the primary and secondary state highway in 1937 .
begin in 1962 , a bypass of omak be construct on the east side of the okanogan river , and us  97 be re - rout onto -pron- in 1967 .
ssh  16a be create use the old alignment of us  97 and psh  10 , extend from psh  16 in okanogan to us  97 and psh  10 in omak .
after the 1964 highway renumbering , ssh  16a become part of sr  20 and be sign into law in 1970 , however sr  20 be extend east along us  97 and the old route become sr  215 in 1973 .
no major revision to the route of the highway have occur since 1973.<ref name="wsdot2011/12-map"></ref >
syed_naveed_qamar
(; bear 22 september 1955 ) be a pakistani politician who be currently a member of the national assembly of pakistan , belong to the pakistan peoples_party .
qamar be bear in karachi , sindh on 22 september 1955.<ref name="thenews/31dec2012"></ref >
qamar receive -pron- b.sc ( hons ) degree in computer_science from manchester university in 1976 .
-pron- do -pron- ms in management from northrop university in 1978 and receive -pron- mba degree from california state university in 1979.<ref name="pildat/1"></ref >
qamar be marry and have three daughter and a son .
qamar begin -pron- political career by elect to the provincial assembly of sindh in pakistani general election , 1988 on a pakistan peoples_party platform and hold the portfolio as provincial minister of sindh for information.<ref name="dawn/31july2016"></ref >
-pron- be elect to the national assembly of pakistan in pakistani general election , 1990 on ppp ticket.<ref name="dawn/11may2013"></ref><ref name="dawn/10may2013"></ref >
-pron- be re - elect to the national assembly in pakistani general election , 1993 on ppp ticket and become chairman of the privatisation_commission of pakistan.<ref name="thenews/17march2008"></ref >
-pron- be re - elect to the national assembly in pakistani general election , 1997 on ppp ticket and be appoint as the federal minister for finance and privatisation .
-pron- be re - elect to the national assembly in pakistani general election , 2002 on ppp ticket from na-222 .
-pron- be re - elect to the national assembly in pakistani general election , 2008 from na-222 constituency on ppp ticket and be make federal minister for privatisation with the additional portfolio of port and shipping .
-pron- also briefily hold the portfolio of federal minister for finance for five month in 2008 .
in august 2009 , -pron- be make federal minister for petroleum & natural_resources with additional charge of minister for privatisation .
-pron- be remove from the post of federal minister for petroleum & natural_resources and be give portfolio of ministry of water and power in march 2011 .
in 2011 , -pron- be make federal minister for defence .
-pron- be re - elect to the national assembly in pakistani general election , 2013 from na-222 constituency on ppp ticket .
in 2016 , -pron- be make parliamentary leader of ppp in the national assembly .
category : special areas of conservation in ireland
place in ireland which have be designate as a special area of conservation by the european union
the great resistance ( french : "
au pay des colon " ) be a 2007 documentary by quebec film director denys desjardins .
this length feature be produce by the national film board of canada ( nfb ) .
in the 1930 , in the throe of the great_depression , the government of quebec relocate more than 80,000 citizen to find a new settlement in the virgin_forests of quebec ’s abitibi region .
after endure backbreak work to clear the land , however , many leave , seek a good life in the city or as labourer for the large corporation that have come to exploit the north ’s valuable resource .
the lalancette family , however , have persist in forge -pron- future on the land from one generation to the next , earn -pron- keep from farming , and defy the constraint of globalization and the mining and forestry company that control the area .
revisit the heritage of quebec filmmaker who document abitibi , follow in the footstep of pierre perrault , among other , this documentary trace a define chapter of quebec history and raise fundamental question about regional development .
wikipedia : article for deletion / operation abilene
susumu be a japanese give name , and may refer to :
leer be a town in lower_saxony , germany .
leer may also refer to :
nakhon_ratchasima mazda football club ( thai สโมสรฟุตบอลจังหวัดนครราชสีมา ) , commonly know as korat , be a professional football club base in nakhon_ratchasima province , thailand .
-pron- play in the thai league 1 .
nakhon_ratchasima fc be form in 1999 .
-pron- have spend -pron- fourteen - year history mostly in provincial league and the low division of the thai football_league but win promotion to league 1 in 2011 .
in 2007 , despite finish fourth from bottom in a twelve - team division ( in division 1 ) , ' korat ' be relegate to the newly_formed third tier of the thai football pyramid because of league restructuring
in 2008 , korat finish fourth in the now defunct division 2 group a. korat start the season slowly but embark on a five - game winning_streak in the middle third of the season which give -pron- a chance of promotion .
however , a disappointing run - in meant that korat eventually finish fourth .
in 2009 , korat finish second in the inaugural division 2 northeast .
despite lead the division for most of the season , -pron- slip to second on the final day as -pron- draw 1 - 1 at home with nakhon_phanom fc whilst title rival loei city beat chaiyaphum united 1 - 0 meaning that loei take the title and the sole promotion play - off spot on the final day of the season .
korat also reach the quarter - final of the fa_cup ( the only regional league side to make -pron- to that stage ) but lose to tpl side thai port fc .
in 2010 , the club finish fourth in the expand 16-team northeast division .
another high finish but -pron- be far behind the top two of loei and buriram .
head coach mann jantanarm resign after the 4 - 0 away defeat to buriram f.c. and be replace by a member of the backroom_staff , vichan cha - on sri .
despite a successful fa_cup run in 2009 , the club fall at the first hurdle in the 2010 competition as -pron- lose 2 - 1 away at f.c. phuket .
-pron- be slightly more successful in the relaunched league cup .
loei city be beat 3 - 1 at the 80th birthday stadium in the preliminary round .
this set up a first round proper clash with tpl side samut_songkhram f.c. to be play over two leg .
a good first leg performance see korat go down just 1 - 0 to opponent rank two division high .
in the second leg , however , korat lose 7 - 0 as the class of the opposition finally tell .
the 2011 season see the club more than make up for the disappointment of 2009 .
under the guidance of a new president , phollapee suwanchawee , and a new coach , tewet kamolsin , the team achieve promotion .
midway through the season , the club be dock nine point for field an ineligible player ( goalkeeper kiattisak lertwilai ) .
despite the deduction , and thank to the re - signing of prompong kransumrong , the side recover from the penalty and clinch a place in the end - of - season play - off ( the ' champions_league ' ) by defeat mahasarakham 1 - 0 on the final day of the season .
nakhon_ratchasima be place in group b of the champions_league along with fellow isaan side roiet , rayong , krabi , lamphun and north bangkok .
this time , korat be the beneficiary of a point deduction .
after lose 2 - 1 to roiet in -pron- first champions_league match , korat be award all three point as roiet field six foreign player – one more than be allow .
korat go on to win seven , draw one and lose two of -pron- champions_league match , and finish top of the group on 22 point .
as such , promotion to 2012 tpl division 1 be secure along with runner - up krabi , and ratchaburi and pattalung from group a.
korat 's first season back in the second tier end with an eighth - place finish in 2012 .
head coach tewet kamolsin be sack in may 2012 and replace by brazilian reuther moreira .
-pron- too be release by the club after the season finish and be replace by arjhan srong - ngamsub .
2007 and 2008 season be cover in detail below .
the original club crest be a giant cat or -pron- call in -pron- area as korat cat that originate in thailand , -pron- be name after the nakhon_ratchasima_province_n( typically call " korat " by the thai people .
in thailand , the breed be know as si - sawat , mean " colour of the sawat seed " and this si - sawat become a nickname of the club the swat cats .
the korat be known_colloquially as the " good luck cat".traditionally , -pron- be give in pair to newlywed or people who be highly esteem , for good luck .
until recently , korat be not sell , but only give as gift .
the new badge be approve by board in 2016 and be introduce follow from season 2017,it be design by farmgroup a design consultancy base in bangkok .
korat play in the 80th birthday stadium which be the main stadium for the 2007 sea_games .
korat move to the stadium in the middle of the 2008 season have previously play at the city 's central stadium .
-pron- also play home game in the town of pak chong when the central stadium be be renovate for the sea_games during the 2007 season .
the club originally play at the army stadium close to nakhon_ratchasima city centre .
this be -pron- main home stadium from 1999 to 2006 , although -pron- occasionally play at rajabhat_university and suranaree_university of technology during this period .
despite the city of korat have a population in excess of 400,000 and nakhon_ratchasima province have a population in excess of 2.5 million , korat struggle to attract more than 400 for most home game throughout -pron- history .
this situation be address in the 2009 season as division 2 be relaunch as the regional league .
korat be now play in a division compose solely of other club from issan .
the club be extensively promote and publicize around the city with the result that attendance have be in excess of 1,000 since just 258 turn up to watch the match against roi_et fc in may 2009 .
some 4,500 be in attendance for korat 's home game with nakhon_phanom in september 2009 , and the match against loei , pattaya united and sakhon_nakhon be also watch by crowd in excess of 3,000 .
attendance rise again throughout the 2011 promotion season .
-pron- peak in the final play - off match against roiet when around 13,000 witness a 1 - 0 win on 17 december 2011 .
cox model engine be use to power small model airplane , model car and model boat .
-pron- be in production for more than 50 year between 1945 and 2006 .
the business be name for founder leroy ( roy ) m. cox .
-pron- start l.m. cox manufacturing co. inc , which later become cox hobbies inc. , then cox products , before be sell to estes industries , when -pron- become cox models .
on february 7 , 2009 , estes industries stop produce cox engine and sell all of -pron- remain inventory mainly spare_parts , to several private buyer from canada and the us .
one of the new owner of the remain cox engine and part inventory have launch a website with an online store .
million of engine be produce .
-pron- become the most common 1/2a class 0.049 cubic_inch engine in the world , and probably still be today .
although the production of the engine cease some year ago , engine make as far back as the 1950 be still sell " as new " and be in abundance on ebay worldwide .
the cox range of model engine be the brainchild of entrepreneur leroy ( roy ) m. cox .
the cox .049 engine be a 2-stroke internal_combustion glow plug engine .
these engine use a glow plug to heat the fuel / air within the cylinder to start .
once run -pron- be disconnected and operate in the same manner as a diesel_engine .
the self ignition be due to the heat produce from the compression of the air / fuel mix , and the catalytic reaction of the platinum element in the glow plug and the methanol in the fuel and do not depend in any way upon the continue use of the battery .
fuel intake to the engine be control by a simple needle valve and venturi system .
fuel / air mixture intake to the crankcase be control via a reed_valve or rotary_valve depend on the engine design .
in a reed_valve engine the valve be draw open by suction as the piston move upward on the compression stroke .
as the piston move down on the power stoke , the pressure in the crankcase cause the reed_valve to close .
the fuel air mixture in the crankcase be then force past the piston via the transfer / bypass port in the cylinder .
